Psoriasis:

The scenarios that specifies the person has Psoriasis are defined below:

1. I have been experiencing a skin rash on my arms, legs, and torso for the past few weeks. It is red, itchy, and covered in dry, scaly patches.
2. My skin has been peeling, especially on my knees, elbows, and scalp. This peeling is often accompanied by a burning or stinging sensation.
3. I have been experiencing joint pain in my fingers, wrists, and knees. The pain is often achy and throbbing, and it gets worse when I move my joints.
4. There is a silver like dusting on my skin, especially on my lower back and scalp. This dusting is made up of small scales that flake off easily when I scratch them.
5. My nails have small dents or pits in them, and they often feel inflammatory and tender to the touch. Even there are minor rashes on my arms.
6. The skin on my palms and soles is thickened and has deep cracks. These cracks are painful and bleed easily.
7. The skin around my mouth, nose, and eyes is red and inflamed. It is often itchy and uncomfortable. There is a noticeable inflammation in my nails.
8. My skin is very sensitive and reacts easily to changes in temperature or humidity. I often have to be careful about what products I use on my skin.
9. I have noticed a sudden peeling of skin at different parts of my body, mainly arms, legs and back. Also, I face severe joint pain and skin rashes.
10. The skin on my genitals is red and inflamed. It is often itchy, burning, and uncomfortable. There are rashes on different parts of the body too.
11. I have experienced fatigue and a general feeling of malaise. I often feel tired and have a lack of energy, even after a good night's sleep.
12. The rash on my skin has spread to other parts of my body, including my chest and abdomen. It is itchy and uncomfortable, and it is often worse at night. I am also facing skin peeling.
13. The rash on my skin is worse in the winter months when the air is dry. I find that I have to moisturize more frequently and use humidifiers to keep my skin hydrated.
14. I have experienced difficulty sleeping due to the itching and discomfort caused by the rash. There are small dents in my nails, which is really concerning.
15. My skin is prone to infections due to dry, flaky patches. I am experiencing a strong pain in my joints. The skin on my knees and elbows is starting to peel off.
16. I am starting to have rashes on my skin. The rash often bleeds when I scratch or rub it. Moreover, I have noticed small dents in my nails.
17. I have noticed that my skin has become more sensitive than it used to be. There is a silver like dusting on my skin, especially on my back and elbows.
18. I am worried about the constant peeling of the skin on my palm, elbow and knee. I have developed rashes on my arms, which itch if I touch them. All of these are making my life quite discomforting and miserable.
19. There is strange pain in my joints. Also, I have noticed strange peeling of skin in different parts of my body. I am afraid there is something wrong going on with my body.
20. My nails have small dents on them. Even my joints have started to pain severely. There is a silver like dusting on my skin, particularly in my back.
21. The rashes on my skin are not healing. Moreover, I have noticed a sudden peeling of the skin, especially the skin on my elbows and knees. I am really worried about this.
22. For the past few weeks, I've had a skin rash on my arms, legs, and chest. It's red and irritating, with dry, scaly spots. I have a strange pain in my joints too.
23. My skin is peeling, particularly on my knees, elbows, and scalp. This peeling is frequently accompanied by a stinging or burning feeling.
24. I'm having joint discomfort in my fingers, wrists, and knees. The pain is frequently aching and throbbing, and it worsens when I move my joints.
25. My skin has a silvery film, particularly on my back, arms and scalp. This dusting is composed of tiny scales that easily peel off when scratched.
26. I have red and inflammatory skin around my mouth, nose, and eyes. It is frequently irritating and unpleasant. Recently, it has got very painful.
27. My skin is extremely sensitive and quickly irritated by changes in temperature or humidity. My nails have developed dents on them. I am worried about this sudden change.
28. I've seen a sudden peeling of skin on various regions of my body, mostly my arms, legs, and back. In addition, I have significant joint pain and skin rashes. The rash is spreading to different parts of my body.
29. My genital skin is red and irritated. It is frequently irritating, burning, and unpleasant. There are also rashes in various places of the body. Also, I have a strange pain in my joints.
30. I've had trouble sleeping because of the itching and pain produced by the rash. My nails have little dents, which is really alarming. There is a noticeable inflammation in my nails.
31. Because of dry, flaky areas on my skin, I am prone to infections. My joints are in excruciating agony. The skin on my knees and elbows is beginning to flake.
32. My skin is breaking out in rashes. When I scratch or rub the rash, it frequently bleeds. In addition, I've observed little dents in my nails. There is a noticeable inflammation in my nails.
33. I've observed that my skin is more sensitive now than it used to be. My skin has a silvery film, especially on my back and elbows.
34. My palms and soles have grown and developed severe fissures. These cracks are unpleasant and frequently bleed. Also, the skin is starting to peel off.
35. My nails are starting to have small pits on them. I am worried and don't know what is causing it. Also, my joints pain and there are rashes on my arms and back.
36. There is a silver like dusting on my skin. Moreover, the skin on my arms and back are starting to peel off. This is strange and really concerning me.
37. My skin rash has extended to other areas of my body, including my chest and belly. It is irritating and unpleasant, and it is frequently worst at night. I'm also experiencing skin flaking.
38. My skin rash gets worse in the winter when the air is dry. To keep my skin moisturized, I have to moisturize more regularly and use humidifiers. I am also facing joint pain.
39. I've had trouble sleeping because of the itching and pain produced by the rash. My nails have little dents. I am also experiencing skin peeling in different parts of my body.
40. My skin is peeling in places, especially on my knees, elbows, and arms. This peeling is often accompanied by a painful or burning sensation. I am also developing small dents on my nails, which is really concerning.
41. My skin has a silvery layer over it, especially on my back and arms. This dusting is made up of small scales that peel off readily when rubbed. Also, there are rashes all over my body.
42. My arms, face and backÂ are all red and irritated. It is frequently irritating and unpleasant. My nails have a strange inflammation and have developed small dents. I have never seen anything like this.
43. I've had trouble sleeping because of the itching and pain produced by the rash. My nails have little dents, which is really alarming. Moreover, my joints pain everyday and I have no idea what is causing it.
44. My fingers and soles have pretty thick skin that is cracked severely. These fractures hurt and bleed frequently. The fractures are itchy and covered with scales.
45. My skin has changed from being less sensitive to being more sensitive. My skin has a silvery coating, especially on my back, elbows and knees.
46. My nails are slightly dented. Even my joints are now experiencing excruciating discomfort. My skin has a silver-like powder, especially on my back and elbows.
47. I've had trouble falling asleep because of the rash's pain and itching. The skin on my fingers are starting to peel off. My nails have a few tiny cracks, which is really worrying.
48. My joints are experiencing an unusual discomfort. Additionally, I've experienced weird skin peeling in various places on my body. I'm concerned that something is wrong with my body.
49. I am starting to have rashes on my arms and neck. The rash often bleeds and hurts when I scratch it. I have also developed small dents in my nails, which is very strange.
50. Because of dry, flaky areas on my skin, I am prone to infections. My joints are in extreme pain . My knees and elbows' skin are starting to peel off.

Varicose Veins:

The scenarios that specifies the person has Varicose veins are defined below:

1. I have a rash on my legs that is causing a lot of discomforts. It seems there is a cramp and I can see prominent veins on the calf. Also, I have been feeling very tired and fatigued in the past couple of days.
2. My calves have been cramping up when I walk or stand for long periods of time. There are bruise marks on my calves, which is making me worried. I feel tired very soon.
3. There is bruising on my legs that I cannot explain. I can see strange blood vessels below the skin. Also, I am slightly obese and I am really worried.
4. I am overweight and have noticed that my legs are swollen and the blood vessels are visible. My legs have swollen and I can see a stream of swollen veins on my calves.
5. The veins on my calves have become very prominent and causing discomfort. I can't stand for long periods of time, as it causes pain in my legs, similar to cramps.
6. The skin around the veins on my legs is red and inflamed. I believe I can see some of the swollen blood vessels. I am really worried about it.
7. Standing or walking for long periods of time causes a lot of pain in my legs. I get cramps upon doing physical activities. There are bruise marks on my legs too.
8. The cramps in my calves are making it difficult for me to walk. I feel fatigued after working for some time. I believe obesity is the reason behind this.
9. The swelling in my legs has gotten worse over the past few weeks. Now, a large number of veins are noticeable on my calves, which is making me worried.
10. The veins on my legs are very noticeable and cause me discomfort. It seems like there is a major bruise and I get cramps when I run.
11. The skin on my calves has become inflamed and red. My legs hurt if I try to run or do any physical activities.
12. Recently, the pain in my calves has been constant and becomes worse when I stand or walk for long periods of time. My legs have started to swell and also some blood vessels are quite noticeable.
13. The veins in my legs are causing discomfort and difficulty sleeping at night. I have no idea why it is happening. I get cramps when I sprint.
14. The swelling in my legs is causing me to have difficulty fitting into my shoes. I can't sprint or stand for long periods of time. I can see some swollen blood vessels.
15. I have noticed cramps in my calves are becoming more frequent and intense. It is causing me a lot of discomforts. I am also overweight and my legs have started to swell.
16. The veins on my legs cause a lot of discomforts when I sit for long periods of time.
17. The rash on my legs is spreading and becoming more severe. It has become very difficult for me to run.
18. My legs are causing a lot of discomforts when I exercise. I get frequent cramps and the blood vessels have become quite noticeable.
19. The prominent blood vessels on my calves are causing self-consciousness and embarrassment. I believe the problem is because of my overweight.
20. The skin around the veins on my legs is dry and flaky. It seems there is a major bruise and my legs have started to swell.
21. I have been experiencing a rash on my legs that is causing a lot of irritation and discomfort. It is red and inflamed and appears to be spreading.
22. Recently, my calves have been cramping up frequently, especially when I am walking or standing for long periods of time. Also, the veins are very noticeable.
23. I have noticed that there are bruises on my legs that I cannot explain. They are not painful but are concerning to me.
24. As I am overweight, I have noticed that my legs are swollen and the blood vessels are more visible than usual. The swelling seems to be getting worse over time.
25. The veins on my calves are very prominent and are causing me a lot of discomforts. They are swollen and protrude from my skin.
26. The skin around the veins on my legs is red, inflamed, and itchy. It is causing a lot of discomforts and I am starting to get regular cramps.
27. Standing or walking for long periods of time has been causing a lot of pain in my legs. It feels like a cramp and becomes worse the longer I am on my feet.
28. The cramps in my calves have been making it difficult for me to walk and do my daily activities. They come on suddenly and last for several minutes.
29. The swelling in my legs has gotten worse over the past few weeks and is causing me difficulty fitting into my shoes. It is also causing discomfort when I sit for long periods of time.
30. The veins on my legs are very noticeable and are causing me a lot of discomforts. They are swollen and protrude from my skin, making them visible through my clothing.
31. The skin on my calves is itchy and inflamed, causing a lot of discomfort and difficulty sleeping at night. The blood vessels have started to protrude out, which is concerning.
32. The pain in my calves is constant and becomes worse when I stand or walk for long periods of time. I am getting constant cramps and can't run for longer periods of time.
33. The veins in my legs are causing discomfort and difficulty sleeping at night. They are swollen and protruding from my skin, making them noticeable and painful.
34. The swelling in my legs is causing me to have difficulty fitting into my shoes and is causing discomfort when I sit for long periods of time.
35. The cramps in my calves are becoming more frequent and intense, making it difficult for me to walk and do my daily activities.
36. The veins on my legs are causing a lot of discomforts when I sit for long periods of time. They are swollen and protruding from my skin, making them painful and noticeable.
37. The rash on my legs is spreading and becoming more severe. It is red, inflamed, and itchy, causing a lot of discomfort and difficulty sleeping at night.
38. My legs have been causing a lot of discomforts when I exercise. They feel heavy and swollen, and the veins are prominent and painful. I feel fatigued all the time.
39. The prominent veins on my calves are causing self-consciousness and embarrassment. They are swollen and protrude from my skin, making them very noticeable.
40. The skin around the veins on my legs is dry and flaky, causing discomfort and irritation. I am also starting to get frequent cramps.
41. I have a rash on my legs that is giving me a lot of pain. There appears to be a cramp, and I can see visible veins on the calf.
42. My veins of legs have become more visible and swollen than normal. They are visible through my skin and it hurts when I move.
43. Walking is tough for me because of cramps in my calves. Obesity, I believe, is the cause of this. After a while of working, I'm exhausted.
44. The blood vessels on my legs are quite visible and give me a lot of pain. They're large and protrude from my skin. It is unusual and I am worried about it.
45. I have noticed that the blood vessels in my legs are getting more noticeable than usual. It is a little concerning to me. Moreover, I am experiencing cramps every day.
46. My legs' swelling has become worse over the last couple of days. I can see the blood vessels protruding out of the skin. This is quite unusual.
47. Long durations of standing or walking have caused severe discomfort in my legs. It's a burning ache that gets worse the longer I'm on my feet.
48. My legs' skin around the veins is unusual. There appears to be a large bruise. Nowadays, I get frequent cramps when I sprint or run.
49. I am experiencing too many cramps in the last couple of days. I think something is not right. I believe there is a small bruise on my calves, but I am not sure about it.
50. The veins in my calves are protruding out quite unusually. I am worried about it. Also, I am overweight and I believe this is the reason behind all of this.

Typhoid:

The scenarios that specifies the person has Typhoid are defined below:

1. I have constipation and belly pain, and it's been really uncomfortable. The belly pain has been getting worse and is starting to affect my daily life. Moreover, I get chills every night, followed by a mild fever.
2. I've also had some diarrhea, which has been really unpleasant. It's been coming and going, and it's been accompanied by abdominal cramps and bloating.
3. I have been experiencing chills and fever, along with severe abdominal pain. I've been feeling really miserable overall, and I just can't seem to shake these symptoms.
4. I've been having a lot of trouble keeping hydrated because of the vomiting and diarrhea. There is a mild fever along with constipation and headache.
5. I've lost a lot of weight in the past week because I haven't been able to eat much due to nausea and vomiting. This is followed by mild fever, headache and belly pain. I'm really concerned about my health.
6. The fatigue has been really uncomfortable, and I've had a lot of difficulties doing my usual activities. I've also been feeling really depressed and irritable. There is mild pain in the abdominal part too.
7. I've had a persistent headache for the past week, and it's been getting worse. It's been accompanied by belly aches, constipation and diarrhea.
8. I've been experiencing high fever, especially at night. It's been really uncomfortable. There is a mild headache along with constipation and diarrhea.
9. I've been having a lot of difficulty breathing, and I feel like I'm constantly nauseous. I also have mild belly pain. It's been terrifying at times.
10. Diarrhea has been really watery and foul-smelling, and it's been accompanied by abdominal pain. I feel like vomiting most of the time.
11. I've been having a lot of trouble sleeping because of the high fever, headache and chills. I wake up every day having a terrible pain in my belly area.
12. I've also been experiencing some diarrhea and constipation, which has been really worrying. It feels like a sharp, stabbing pain in my belly area. I feel tired all the time.
13. I have had some constipation and belly pain, which has been really uncomfortable. The pain has been getting worse and it's really affecting my daily life.
14. I am experiencing a lot of belly pain and constipation, which has been really annoying. Sometimes, I feel a strong urge to vomit, and because of all of these, I am feeling very weak.
15. The abdominal pain has been coming and going, and it's been really unpleasant. It's been accompanied by constipation and vomiting. I feel really concerned about my health.
16. I have been experiencing a lot of bloating and constipation, and it's been really uncomfortable. It feels like there's a lot of pressure and pain in my belly area.
17. I am experiencing extreme belly pain and constipation. Every night, I have a severe fever along with chills and headaches. The last couple of days has been really uncomfortable.
18. I've been feeling exhausted and weak, and I can't seem to get rid of it. Because of the vomiting and nausea, I've entirely lost my appetite. My belly pains which are causing me concern.
19. I am experiencing constipation and stomach ache, which has been really difficult. The discomfort has gotten worse, and it is seriously interfering with my everyday life.
20. Because of the vomiting and diarrhea, I've been having a lot of difficulties staying hydrated. I have a high fever, as well as constipation and headache.
21. The abdominal pain has been frequent and really painful. Constipation and vomiting have also occurred. I'm quite worried about my health.
22. I'm having severe stomach pain and constipation. Every night, I get a headache and chills. The last few days have been really painful.
23. There is a distinct pain in my abdominal part. I am not sure what it is. I am also going through constant vomiting and feel nauseous.
24. The diarrhea has been quite fluid and smelly, and it has been accompanied by severe abdominal pain and headache. Most of the time, I feel like vomiting.
25. I have had a fever for the last couple of days. Now, I am starting to experience a severe pain in my stomach area and suffering from constipation.
26. I am experiencing a lot of nausea and vomiting, and it's been quite difficult for me to eat anything. I've entirely lost my appetite, and as a result, I have become quite weak.
27. I am having a lot of trouble sleeping because of the high fever and the headache. Moreover, I have constant belly pain, because of which I can't go to work.
28. I have been feeling really fatigued and weak, and I can't seem to get rid of it. I have a mild fever and a strange pain in my abdominal area. I can't understand what is happening.
29. I've been suffering from constipation and stomach discomfort, which has been really uncomfortable. Last night, I had a mild fever too.
30. I've also been suffering from diarrhea, which has been really uncomfortable. It comes and goes, and it's accompanied by stomach aches and vomiting.
31. I've been experiencing chills, fever, and extreme stomach discomfort. I've been generally unhappy, and I can't seem to get rid of these symptoms.
32. Because of the vomiting and diarrhea, I've been having a lot of difficulties staying hydrated. There is a mild fever, too, as well as stomach pain.
33. I have developed diarrhea. It is accompanied by severe pain in my belly area. I don't feel like eating anything, and most of the time, I have a mild headache.
34. I've had a lot of bloating and constipation, which has been really painful. There is a lot of pressure and pain in my stomach area. I get a high fever and chills every night.
35. I've had a persistent stomach pain for the past week, and it is not healing even with medication. I feel like vomiting and can't eat anything, and because of which I have become extremely weak.
36. I am having severe stomach discomfort and diarrhoea. I have a high fever along with a headache. The previous several days have been really unpleasant.
37. I am having a terrible pain in my abdominal part, and I've been feeling really nauseated. I'm also experiencing a mild fever. I am really worried.
38. I am experiencing constipation and stomach ache. The discomfort has gotten worse, and it is seriously interfering with my everyday life. I feel like I have lost my appetite to eat anything.
39. Most of the time I feel fatigued. I don't want to eat anything. I get a high fever and chills every night. Moreover, I have been vomiting since yesterday.
40. I have lost my appetite and have noticed a significant weight loss. I have abdominal pain, especially in the area of my stomach and intestines. I am concerned about my health.
41. The stomach discomfort has been severe and frequent. Vomiting and constipation have also happened. I'm concerned about my health.
42. I have been experiencing diarrhea and have had loose, watery stools several times a day. I have lost my appetite and feel nauseated all the time. I am starting to get a mild fever too.
43. I am feeling quite weak. I'm having a lot of stomach discomfort and constipation, which is really bothering me. I have a strong urge to vomit at times, and as a result, I can't eat anything.
44. There is strange pain in my stomach area. I don't know what the reason behind this is. Moreover, I am starting to get a mild fever along with chills and headaches.
45. I've had a high fever, particularly at night. It's been quite unpleasant. There is a little headache, as well as constipation and diarrhea. I don't feel like eating anything.
46. I've been having a lot of trouble staying hydrated because of the vomiting and diarrhea. I have a high fever, constipation, and a headache. I am also starting to get a strange pain in my stomach area and I can't do anything physical.
47. I have been getting a headache for the past week that has been growing worse. It has been accompanied by stomach pains, constipation, and diarrhea. I don't know what is happening and I am really worried about it.
48. I've lost a lot of weight in the last week because I couldn't eat much due to nausea and vomiting. This is followed by a high fever, headache, and stomach pain.
49. I am having some diarrhea and constipation, which has been quite concerning. In my stomach, there is a severe, painful ache. I'm constantly exhausted and don't feel like eating anything.
50. I've been having diarrhoea and loose, watery stools many times a day. I've lost my appetite and am always sick. I'm also developing a mild fever. Also, my abdominal part pains a lot. I don't know what the reason behind all of these is.

Chicken pox:

The scenarios that specifies the person has Chicken pox are defined below:

1. I've been experiencing intense itching all over my skin, and it's driving me crazy. I also have a rash that's red and inflamed.
2. I'm feeling fatigued and have no energy. I can barely keep my eyes open during the day, and I've been feeling lethargic and unable to motivate myself.
3. I've had a high fever for the past few days. I don't know what's causing it. Also, I noticed rashes on my skin and it's hard for me to resist scratching.
4. I've lost my appetite and can't seem to eat anything. I'm worried about my health.
5. There are small red spots all over my body that I can't explain. It's worrying me. I feel extremely tired and experience a mild fever every night.
6. My lymph nodes are swollen, causing discomfort in my neck and armpits. I don't know what's causing it.
7. I'm feeling really sick and uncomfortable like something is wrong inside. I don't know what it could be. I noticed small red spots on my arms, which itches if I touch them.
8. The itching is making it hard for me to sleep at night. I can't get any rest. I have also lost my appetite and feel lethargic.
9. I'm worried about this rash on my skin. It's spreading rapidly and causing a lot of discomforts. I can hardly sleep at night because of the itching,
10. I have no energy and have lost my appetite. I'm feeling really sick and don't know what's wrong.
11. I have a skin rash that's red and inflamed, and it's spreading all over my body. I've been experiencing intense itching, especially on my arms and legs.
12. I've had a high fever for the past few days, and it's starting to worry me. I don't know what's causing it. Also, I have red spots all over my arms and legs, some of which are swollen.
13. I have a skin rash that's red and swollen, and it's spreading all over my body. I have a mild fever and it is causing me a lot of discomforts.
14. I'm feeling fatigued and have no energy. I can barely keep my eyes open during the day, and I've been feeling lethargic and unable to motivate myself.
15. There are small red spots all over my body that I can't explain. The bumps are itchy and uncomfortable and seem to spread rapidly. It's worrying me.
16. The itching is making it hard for me to sleep at night. I can't seem to get any rest because the rash is so itchy and uncomfortable. I'm feeling really tired and exhausted.
17. I have no energy and have lost my appetite. I have a high fever and severe headache and don't know what's wrong.
18. The high fever and swollen lymph nodes are causing me much discomfort. I have a headache and feel weak and fatigued. It's hard for me to concentrate because of the fever.
19. The rash on my skin is causing a lot of discomforts. It's red and inflamed, spreading all over my body. The rash is accompanied by intense itching, especially on my arms and legs.
20. There are red spots all over my body that I can't explain. The spots are itchy and starting to swell, and they are spreading rapidly.
21. I have small lymph nodes on my arms and face. The itching is making my day very uncomfortable.
22. I have no energy and have lost my appetite. I'm feeling really sick and don't know what's wrong. Also, there are small red spots starting to show on my skin.
23. I've had a mild fever for the past few days, and it's starting to worry me. The fever has been accompanied by a severe headache. I feel weak and lethargic.
24. I have swollen lymph nodes and red spots all over my body, and they are causing discomfort. I also have a mild fever and feel tired most of the time.
25. I've been suffering from severe itching all over my body, and it's driving me insane. I also have a red and irritating rash.
26. I have seen rashes on my skin, and it's difficult for me not to scratch. Also, I've had a high fever for several days. I'm not sure what's causing it.
27. I have little red spots all over my body that I don't understand. It worries me. I have lost my appetite and every night, I am exhausted and have a severe headache.
28. I'm feeling really sick and lost my appetite. I've seen little red patches on my arms, neck and face that itch when I touch them.
29. I have red spots on my arms and legs and itching them makes it difficult for me to sleep at night. I also have severe headaches and a mild fever.
30. Enlarged lymph nodes are giving me a great deal of pain. I have rashes all over my body and because of which I cannot sleep all night.
31. My skin rash is giving me a lot of pain and discomfort. It's red and swollen, and it's spreading throughout my body.
32. I have a high fever and a mild headache. I'm tired most of the time and completely lost my appetite.
33. My arms and face have small lymph nodes, which are starting to swell. My day has been made really miserable by the constant itching and pain.
34. My arms and neck have large lymph nodes, which itch when I touch them. The itching has made my day extremely uncomfortable.
35. My skin rash is causing me a great deal of pain. There are also small red spots developing near my neck. Since yesterday, I have had a severe fever, headache and fatigue.
36. I am starting to develop tiny red spots all over my face and neck area, and it itches when I touch them. The itching is making my day very uncomfortable.
37. I have lost my appetite completely and can't seem to eat anything. I feel like vomiting and feel exhausted. I noticed rashes on my skin, which is really concerning me.
38. I have a high fever and a severe headache. I can't seem to eat anything and feel like vomiting. There are also some red spots developing on my arms. I am really worried.
39. I'm worried about these red spots on my skin. It's spreading rapidly and causing a lot of problems. I also developed a mild fever and headache every night.
40. I'm feeling really nauseous and uneasy. I'm not sure what it might be. I've seen rashes on my arms and legs. I have lost my appetite and feel exhausted every day.
41. I have swollen red lymph nodes on my arms and legs that itch when I touch them. I'm also suffering from a terrible headache and a mild fever. I don't feel like eating anything and have lost my appetite.
42. I'm really exhausted and lacking in energy. I can hardly keep my eyes open during the day. I have a mild fever and don't feel like eating anything. I think I have lost my appetite.
43. I am exhausted and have lost my appetite. I feel vomiting and can't eat anything. In addition, little red spots are beginning to appear on my skin and near the neck. I am really worried about my health.
44. There are small red spots all over my body. The spots are itchy and uncomfortable. I also have a mild fever and headache.
45. I've been suffering from severe itching all over my body, along with a fever and headache. The red spots are starting to swell and it is getting really uncomfortable every day.
46. I feel tired every day. There are red spots all over my arms and back and it itches if I touch them. I am really worried and not sure what to do.
47. The high fever, swollen lymph nodes and headache are causing me a lot of trouble. I don't feel like eating anything and feel weak and fatigued. It's hard for me to concentrate on my daily life.
48. I have a high fever and red spots and rashes all over my body. I feel exhausted and have completely lost my appetite, which has made me weak and lethargic. I am really worried.
49. I have seen rashes on my arms and neck and it itches if I scratch them. I've also had a high fever for a few days. I have no idea what is causing it. The itching is causing me a lot of discomforts.
50. There are red swollen spots all over my body. It itches if I touch them. Moreover, I also have a high fever and headache and always feel exhausted.

Impetigo:

The scenarios that specifies the person has Impetigo are defined below:

1.	I have developed a skin rash on my face and neck. The rash is made up of red sores that are blistering. I am worried about my health.
2.	I have developed skin rashes made up of blistering sores. The blistering sores are raised, fluid-filled lesions and they are painful to touch. I am also suffering from a high fever.
3.	I have a high fever. There are red sores developing near my nose. The sores are painful and have yellow rust-colored ooze coming out from them.
4.	There are rashes around my nose, with large red sores. I noticed that the rash was spreading to other parts of my body. Also, I have a high fever every night.
5.	I have been suffering from a high fever for the last couple of days. Sores are developing near my nose. The sores are painful and I am feeling very uncomfortable these days.
6.	My skin has developed rashes, mainly near the nose. The rash is spreading to other parts of my body. I am really about worried about this.
7.	I have been experiencing extreme fatigue and a high fever. There are rashes near my nose and mouth. The rash is itchy and makes it very difficult for me to sleep.
8.	I am suffering from extreme fever and weakness. I have developed sores on my face. The sores itchy and uncomfortable. Often, a yellow colored ooze comes out of the sores.
9.	I have noticed that the sores are taking longer to heal and are more prone to infection. The sores on my face are swollen and tender to the touch and very uncomfortable to handle.
10.	There are red sores on my face and near my nose. I have noticed that the rash is spreading more quickly on my neck and chest.
11.	The sores around my nose have become crusted over and are difficult to touch. A yellow-rust coloured ooze used to come out of the sores. It is taking much more time to handle.
12.	I developed a minor rash near my nose a few days ago. Now, the rash is accompanied by a burning sensation and redness of the skin. I feel it is some kind of an infection.
13.	Initially, I developed small red sores near my nose and neck. Now, I am having a high fever and the sores have become more painful and inflamed over the past few days.
14.	I noticed a skin rash on my face. It was made up of a blistering sore. Today I observed a yellow colored fluid coming out of the sores, I am not sure what it is.
15.	The sores on my face are beginning to weep clear fluid. Also, every night I get a high fever and chills, because of which I cannot sleep all night.
16.	I initially had rashes on my face and near my nose. But now the rash is spreading down my arms and legs.
17.	I have a high fever every night and developed sores on my face, particularly near my nose. I have noticed that the sores are taking longer to heal and are more prone to infection.
18.	The sores around my nose are now surrounded by red, inflamed skin. The rash has caused my skin to become dry and flaky, with a visible yellow colored fluid coming out of the sores.
19.	I have also been experiencing flu-like symptoms, such as fever and body pain. I have noticed red rashes and blistering sores near my nose and lips. It's itchy and uncomfortable.
20.	I am suffering from mild fever and headache. There are small sores near my nose and rashes on my neck. I am going through a very tough time right now.
21.	There is a rash particularly bad around my nose, with large red sores that are painful and have yellow rust-colored ooze coming from them.
22.	There are sores on my face and mostly near my nose and lips. The sores are causing discomfort or pain, and there is a discharge of yellow or rust-colored fluid from them.
23.	I have been developing sores on my face and nose area. I am not sure what is causing this. The sores on my face are swollen and tender to the touch, and I have a burning sensation and redness of the skin.
24.	The rash on my face has become more painful and inflamed over the past few days, and the sores are beginning to weep clear fluid. It is getting extremely painful with each day.
25.	I have rashes on my face. I am starting to have small sores around my nose and often a yellow fluid comes out of the sores. The sores are becoming extremely painful.
26.	I am feeling really sick. I have a high fever and headache. I noticed rashes on my arms and face. I am extremely worried about this. Today, I observed red sores near my nose.
27.	I've been suffering from a high fever for the past few days. Sores are forming around my nose and there are rashes on different parts of my body. The sores are severe, and I'm feeling really uneasy these days.
28.	I have a high fever and am really weak. My face has gotten sores. The blisters are itchy and painful. A yellow ooze frequently leaks from the wounds.
29.	I am experiencing skin rashes with burning sores. The blistering sores are fluid-filled, elevated, red colored lesions that are unpleasant to touch. I also have a high fever.
30.	I believe I have some skin disease. There are rashes on my face and small sores near my nose. The sores have become red, and painful and some kind of a yellow ooze discharges from them.
31.	I have noticed that the sores on my face are healing more slowly and are more likely to become infected. My cheek sores are large, painful to the touch, and extremely difficult to handle. I can't seem to get rid of these sores.
32.	I am having a high fever. I've had a skin rash on my face, neck and arms. The rash is made up of burning red lesions. I'm concerned about my health.
33.	I've acquired skin rashes with blistering sores. The blistering sores are fluid-filled, elevated lesions that are unpleasant to touch. I'm also running a high fever.
34.	I'm running a high temperature. Near my nose, red sores are forming. The lesions are painful, and yellow rust-colored fluid is oozing from them.
35.	I have rashes around my nose, as well as huge red sores. The rash is spreading to other places on my body, as I've seen. In addition, I have a high temperature every night.
36.	My cheeks and nose are covered with red sores. I've observed that the rash on my neck and chest is spreading faster. I am also developing a mild fever.
37.	My nasal sores have crusted up and become difficult to touch. The wounds used to leak a yellow-rust coloured fluid. It is taking a lot longer to deal with using medication.
38.	A few days ago, I experienced a tiny rash around my nose. The rash is now accompanied by a burning feeling and skin redness and discharge of fluid. I believe it is some sort of infection.
39.	Small red sores appeared near my nose and neck at first. I now have a high temperature, and the sores have gotten more painful and inflamed in recent days.
40.	A rash has developed around my nose and lips, with huge red lesions that are painful and emit a yellow rust-colored fluid.
41.	My face is covered in sores. Most of them are near my nose and lips. The lesions are causing discomfort or suffering, and a yellow or rust-colored fluid is oozing from them.
42.	I've started getting sores on my face and nose. I have no idea what is causing this. My cheek sores are large and irritating to the touch, and I have a burning feeling and skin redness.
43.	Over the last two days, the rash on my face has gotten more severe and inflamed, and the blisters have begun to bleed clear pus. It is really painful to deal with.
44.	I feel I have a skin condition. My face has rashes and little blisters around my nose. The wounds have turned red and painful, and a yellow liquid is oozing from them.
45.	I've observed that the lesions on my face are healing slower and are more prone to infection. The lesions on my cheeks are huge, unpleasant to the touch, and incredibly difficult to treat. I can't seem to get these sores to go away.
46.	I'm running a high temperature. I've developed a rash on my face, neck, and arms. The rash consists of painful red lesions. My health is a concern for me.
47.	Over the last week, the rash on my face has gotten more severe and painful, and the sores have begun to discharge a yellow colored fluid. It's becoming increasingly painful by the day.
48.	I've had rashes on my face. I'm developing little sores around my nose, and a yellow ooze is frequently oozing from them. The lesions have become even more painful.
49.	I'm feeling quite ill. I have a high fever and a headache. Rashes appeared on my arms and face. I'm quite concerned about this. I saw red sores around my nose and lips today.
50.	The rashes on my face are not healing. I tried some medications but it is not helping much. Recently, I noticed small sores near my nose. They are painful and very difficult to handle.


Dengue:

The scenarios that specifies the person has Dengue are defined below:

1.	I am facing severe joint pain and vomitting. I have developed a skin rash that covers my entire body and is accompanied by intense itching.
2.	I have been experiencing chills and shivering, despite being in a warm environment. My back pains all the time and there are red spots on my arms.
3.	I have been experiencing severe joint pain that makes it difficult for me to move and perform my daily activities. Also, I have lost my apetite because of which I feel weak.
4.	I have been vomiting frequently and have lost my appetite as a result. My joints and back pain all the time.
5.	I have a high fever accompanied with severe headache and body pain. I experince chills every night. There is a distinct pain behind my eyes too.
6.	I have been feeling extremely tired and fatigued, and I have no energy to do anything. I have developed rashes on my neck, which itch upon touching.
7.	I have been experiencing a severe headache that is accompanied by pain behind my eyes. I have lost my apetite and experience chills every night.
8.	I have been feeling nauseous and have a constant urge to vomit. There is a strong pain behind my eyes and there are small red spots all over my arms.
9.	I have developed red spots on my body that are itchy and inflamed. I am also experiencing high fever along with chills and shivering.
10.	I have been experiencing muscle pain that makes it difficult for me to move around. I have lost my apetite and feel vomiting. My legs and back pain a lot.
11.	I have been experiencing back pain that is worse when I sit or stand for a long time. Also, there are rashes all over my body. There is a pain behind my eyes too.
12.	The skin rash I have developed is accompanied by redness and swelling. I donâ€™t feel well as I have severe fever accompanied with body pain.
13.	The chills and shivering I have been experiencing are accompanied by a feeling of coldness and high fever. I have also developed rashes on my arms and red spots on my neck.
14.	The joint pain I have been experiencing is severe and feels like a constant ache. My head aches most of the time and I am starting to develope mild fever, accompanied with chills.
15.	The vomiting I have been experiencing is accompanied by stomach cramps and dizziness. I have lost my apetite and feel weak as a result. There is a pain behind my eyes too.
16.	The high fever I have been experiencing is accompanied by sweating and weakness. My muscles pain as a result I cannot work all day.
17.	The fatigue I have been feeling is extreme and makes it difficult for me to perform even basic tasks. I feel vomitting and developed rashes on my arms, neck and legs.
18.	The headache I have been experiencing is severe and is accompanied by a feeling of pressure in my head. I have mild fever along with headache. There are small red spots on my back.
19.	The nausea I have been feeling is accompanied by a loss of appetite and feeling of unease. There is a distinct pain in my back and muscles pain too.
20.	The muscle pain I have been experiencing is severe and feels like a constant ache. There are red spots all over my body and the itching is causing me a lot of discomfort.
21.	I have developed a skin rash that covers my entire body and is accompanied by intense itching. My body pains and I have a mild fever, acompanied with headache and chills.
22.	I'm experiencing extreme body pain, headache and vomiting. I've developed red spots that covers my entire body and causes severe itching.
23.	My back hurts all the time, and my arms and neck have rashes. The back of eyes pain a lot. I also have fever and it is making we worried about my health.
24.	I've been suffering from significant joint pain, which makes it difficult for me to walk and carry out my everyday tasks. I've also lost my appetite, which makes me feel weak and feel like vomitting.
25.	There is a constant behind my eyes. I have developed red spots on my neck and face and rashes on my arms. My arms and legs pain a lot. . The spots are itchy and uncomfortable and it is worrying me.
26.	I've been feeling sick and feel a strong need to vomit. There is a sharp ache behind my eyes, and swollen red dots all over my back.
27.	My shivers and shivering have been accompanied with a sensation of coldness and a very high fever. Rashes on my arms and red patches on my neck have also appeared.
28.	I have been suffering from severe joint ache. I feel vomiting most of the time, and I am developing a moderate fever with chills. The fever that doesn't seem to come down even with medication.
29.	The vomiting I've been having has been followed by stomach pains and dizziness. I've lost my appetite and as a result feel weak. My arms, back, neck pain most of the time.
30.	I have developed red spots on my arms and legs that are itchy and inflamed. I have been feeling nauseaus and have a constant urge to vomit. This is accomapanied by mild fever.
31.	I have developed a skin rash that covers my entire body. The rash is red and swollen, and is worse in certain areas such as my arms and legs. I have also lost my appetite.
32.	I have been experiencing chills and shivering. There is a strong pain in my back and also behind my eyes. I have also noticed small red spots on my back and neck.
33.	I have been experiencing severe joint pain that is making my day very difficult. I feel like vomiting all the time and have a mild headache too.
34.	I have been vomiting frequently and have lost my appetite as a result. There are rashes on my skin and my eyes pain, because of which I cannot sleep properly.
35.	I have a high fever along with a severe headache. The fever is accompanied by extreme body pain and chills. I am worried about my health and donâ€™t know what to do.
36.	I have been feeling extremely tired and fatigued, and I have no energy to do anything. The fatigue is so severe that I struggle to get out of bed. I have noticed small red spots on my arms and legs.
37.	I have been experiencing a severe headache that is accompanied by pain behind my eyes. I feel tired and fatigued because of which I cannot work all day. I am worried about my health.
38.	I have been feeling nauseous and have a constant urge to vomit, which is accompanied with mild fever and headache.
39.	I have developed rashes on my body that are itchy and. I have lost my appetite and feel very tired all day. I feel something is wrong with my body.
40.	I have been experiencing muscle pain and headache. The muscle pain feels like a constant ache and is worse when I try to use the affected muscles. There are small red spots developing on my face, neck and arms.
41.	My back hurts, and I have rashes on my arms and armpits. The back of my eyeballs hurt a lot. I also have a mild fever, which is making us concerned about my health.
42.	I am experiencing very high fever and chills every night. It is really concerning me. Moreover, I donâ€™t feel like eating anything and my back, arms, legs pain a lot. There is a strange pain behing my eyes. I canâ€™t do any physical activities.
43.	As a result of my regular vomiting, I've lost my appetite. My muscles, joints and back constantly hurt. I am starting to have fever too. I am really worried and not sure what to do.
44.	I have been experiencing a severe fever that is accompanied by pain behind my eyes and headache. I feel tired and exhasuted because of which I cannot do any work.
45.	My whole body is paining a lot and I donâ€™t feel like eating anything. I have mild fever and get chills every night. Also, there are some red spots developing on my back and neck.
46.	My joints and back pain everyday. I feel like vomitting and this has made me very weak. Because of my body pain, I am not able to focus on my work and donâ€™t feel like doing anything.
47.	The body pain I have been feeling is extreme. I has lost my appetite and developed rashes on my arms and face. The back of my eyes pain a lot.
48.	I have developed rashes on my body. I am also experiencing high fever along with chills and headache. My joints and back hurt and there is a strange pain in the back of my eyes.
49.	I have been feeling nauseous and have a constant urge to vomit. I get high fever and chills every night and feel terrible because of this. Also, I feel I have lost my appetite.
50.	There are rashes on my skin, which itch if I touch them. I donâ€™t feel good as my joints pain whole day. At night, I have mild fever and get chills, because of which I canâ€™t sleep too.


Fungal infection:

The scenarios that specifies the person has Fungal infection are defined below:

1.	I have raised lumps, a rash that looks red and inflamed, discoloured areas of skin that are different colours from the rest of my skin, and itching on my skin.
2.	All over my body, there has been a severe itching that has been followed by a red, bumpy rash. My skin also has a few darkened spots and a few tiny, nodular breakouts. It has been happening for several days and is becoming worse.
3.	I've had a rash on my skin that looks like dischromic patches, and I also have a lot of nodular eruptions and really bad itching. During the previous week, it has become worse.
4.	I've had a rash that won't go away and a bothersome itching on my skin. In addition, I've seen some color-different areas and bumps that resemble knots or lumps on my skin.
5.	I have a rash all over my body, and I can't stop scratching because my skin is itchy. My skin also has a few spots where the hue is altered and some lumps and knot-like pimples.
6.	Recently, my skin has been quite itchy, and I have a rash all over my body. My skin also has a few spots where the hue is altered and some lumps and knot-like pimples.
7.	My skin has been itching a lot and developing a rash. Additionally, I have a few areas of my skin that are a different hue than the rest of it. Additionally, I have a few firm pimples or breakouts on my skin.
8.	All over my body has been itching like crazy, and now there are red areas all over. Additionally, some of the patches have a different tone than my natural skin. And on my skin, there are these lumps or pimples that have developed.
9.	My skin has been acting up recently, becoming extremely itchy and rashes-prone. Additionally, there are certain spots that deviate from my natural skin tone in terms of hue. And now my skin has these lumps or bumps that weren't there before.
10.	On my arms and legs, I have a lot of red pimples and itchy skin. My skin also has a few odd-looking lesions. And occasionally there are bumps that are somewhat uncomfortable.
11.	I have an itchy skin and lots of red bumps on my arms and legs. There are some weird looking spots on my skin too. And sometimes there are bumps that feel kind of hard.
12.	Doctor, I have a really itchy rash on my skin and there are some weird spots that are a different color. There are also some bumps on my skin that look like little knots
13.	Doctor, My skin is covered in a very uncomfortable rash, along with some odd patches of a different hue. My skin also has a few pimples that resemble little knots
14.	I have lots of itchy spots on my skin, and sometimes they turn red or bumpy. There are also some weird patches that are different colors than the rest of my skin, and sometimes I get these weird bumps that look like little balls.
15.	My skin frequently develops itchy bumps that can occasionally turn red or rough. Aside from that, my skin occasionally develops strange pimples that resemble small balls and some odd spots that are a different hue from the rest of my skin.
16.	Doctor, I have these red rashes that keep popping up and my skin is continuously itching. In addition, I've observed some odd color-different spots on my skin, as well as some little nodules on my skin that appear to be expanding.
17.	I have been experiencing some really intense itching all over my body, along with redness and bumps on my skin. There are also these weird patches that are different colors than the rest of my skin, and sometimes I get these nodules that look like small bumps.
18.	All over my body, I've been scratching so much that my skin has become red and developed pimples. Additionally, I occasionally get these nodules that resemble little pimples, as well as these strange patches that are a different hue from the rest of my skin.
19.	I've been experiencing a lot of itching, which has been accompanied with a rash that appears to be growing worse over time. There are also certain areas of skin that are different colours from the rest, and I've spotted several lumps that resemble little nodes.
20.	I've been having a lot of problems with itching, and it's been accompanied by a rash that seems to be getting worse over time. There are also some patches of skin that are different colors than the rest, and I've noticed some bumps that look like little nodes.
21.	Doctor, My skin is covered in an uncomfortable rash and has a few odd patches of skin that are a different colour. There are a few pimples on my skin that resemble little knots.
22.	I've been itching a lot, and it's been accompanied with a rash that looks to be getting worse over time. There are also some patches of skin that are different colours from the rest of the skin, as well as some lumps that resemble little nodes.
23.	My skin has been acting up lately, becoming exceedingly itchy and prone to rashes. Furthermore, several patches differ from my normal skin tone in terms of colour. And now I have lumps or bumps on my skin that weren't there before.
24.	A rash that appears to be developing throughout my skin has been accompanying my recent bouts of intense itching and discomfort. On my skin, I also have some dischromic spots and little lumps that seem to be appearing everywhere.
25.	My skin always itches, and occasionally it becomes quite rough and red. In addition, I occasionally get little pimples that resemble tiny balls and certain spots that are a different colour from the rest of my skin. It severely irritates me and itches.
26.	I have a lot of itching all over my skin, and sometimes it gets really red and bumpy. There are also some patches that are different colors than the rest of my skin, and sometimes I get these little bumps that look like little balls. It's really annoying and itchy.
27.	I have a pretty irritating itch all over my body, and my skin also has a few red, bumpy areas. I've also had some pimples that resemble small balls and other spots that are a different colour than the rest of my skin.Â
28.	I've had a pretty uncomfortable itch all over my body, as well as red and bumpy areas on my skin. There are also certain patches of my skin that are a different hue than the rest of it, and I've had some pimples that resemble little balls.
29.	I've been having this really annoying itch all over my body, and I have red and bumpy spots on my skin too. There are also some areas that are a different color than the rest of my skin, and I've had some bumps that look like little balls.
30.	I've had a pretty uncomfortable itch all over my body, as well as red and bumpy areas on my skin. There are also certain patches of my epidermis with a distinct shade than the rest of it, and I've had some pimples that resemble little balls.
31.	I've been really itchy lately and there are these rashy spots all over my skin. There are also some areas that look different in shade than the rest of my skin, and I've had some bumps that are kind of hard.
32.	I've been quite itchy recently, and I have rashy patches all over my skin. There are also certain regions that are darker in colour than the rest of my skin, and I've got some firm lumps.
33.	I've been rather itchy recently, and I have rashy blotches all over my skin. There are also certain regions that are more dark in color than the rest of my skin, and I've got some painful lumps.
34.	Recently, I've been scratching myself a lot, and my skin is covered with rashy places. Additionally, I've had a few pimples that are rather firm, and there are certain spots on my body that have a different shade of brown than the rest of my skin.
35.	My skin has been really itchy and there are these rashy spots all over. There are also some patches that look different in color than the rest of my skin, and I've had some bumps that are kind of hard.
36.	My skin has been really scratchy, and there are rashes all over my body. I have some bumps that are quite firm, as well as some areas that are a darker shade from the rest of my skin. It's extremely unpleasant.
37.	There are rashy areas all over my skin, which has been really irritating. Additionally, I have some bumps that are fairly firm and some patches that are a different colour from the rest of my skin.
38.	Recently, I've been scratching myself a lot, and my skin is covered with rashy places. In addition, there are a few spots where my skin doesn't appear to be its usual shade, and I've experienced a few lumps that are quite painful.
39.	I've been really itchy lately and there are these rashy spots all over my skin. There are also some areas that don't look like the normal color of my skin, and I've had some bumps that are kind of hard
40.	I've been quite itchy recently, and I have rashy places all over my body. There are also some regions that don't appear to be the typical hue of my skin, and I've experienced some firm lumps.
41.	I've been itching and have rashy patches all over my skin recently. There are also some regions that don't appear to be the regular tone of my skin, and I've experienced some painful bumps.
42.	Recently, I've been itching myself a lot, and my skin is covered with rashy patches. Furthermore, there are a few regions where my skin doesn't appear to be its usual tone, and I've experienced a few lumps that are exceptionally painful.
43.	I've been having this constant itch and there are these red and bumpy spots on my skin. There are also some patches that are a different color than the rest of my skin, and I've had some bumps that are kind of like little lumps.
44.	There are red, bumpy areas on my skin, and I've been scratching myself nonstop. Additionally, I have some bumps that resemble little lumps and some spots that are a different shade of skin than the rest of my body.
45.	I've had a lot of itching on my skin, which occasionally turns into a rash. There are also some odd patches of skin that are a different hue than the rest of me, and I occasionally get little pimples that resemble nodules.
46.	I've had a tendency of itching on my skin, that frequently turns into a rash. There are also some strange patches of skin that are a different tone than the rest of myÂ skin, and I regularly get little lumps that mimic nodules.
47.	I've been experiencing a lot of itching on my skin, and sometimes it turns into a rash. There are also some strange patches of skin that are a different color than the rest of me, and sometimes I get little bumps that look like nodules.
48.	My body has been itching terribly all over, and there are now red spots everywhere. Some of the patches also differ in tone from my natural complexion. And there are these lumps or pimples that have appeared on my skin.
49.	My skin has been really itchy lately, and it occasionally erupts into a rash. In addition, I have a few odd areas of skin that are a different coloration from the rest of me, and occasionally I develop little bumps that lookÂ  likeÂ nodules.
50.	There are now red blotches all over my body where I have been itching horribly all over. A few of the patches also differ in complexion fromÂ my natural skin. And these lumps or bumps have developed on my skin.

Common Cold:

The scenarios that specifies the person has Common Cold are defined below:

1.	I can't stop sneezing and my nose is really runny. I'm also really cold and tired all the time, and I've been coughing a lot. My fever is really high too, like way above normal.
2.	My nose is extremely runny, and I can't seem to stop sneezing. In addition, I constantly feel cold, exhausted, and I've been coughing a lot. My fever is also really high far above normal.
3.	I've been sneezing nonstop and I can't seem to shake this chill. I'm feeling really weak and tired, and my cough won't go away. My fever is really high
4.	I've been sneezing incessantly and I just can't get this chill to go away. I feel so weak and exhausted, and my cough won't stop. My temperature is really high.
5.	I'm constantly sneezing and my body is shaking from being cold. I'm so tired I can barely move and my head is killing me. My fever is through the roof
6.	I'm constantly sneezing, and the cold is making my body tremble. I'm so exhausted that I can hardly move, and my head hurts. My fever is quite high.
7.	I've been quite exhausted and ill. I'm sneezing nonstop and am quite cold. My head is throbbing, and I lack energy. Additionally, I have a very high fever and feel like I am on fire.
8.	I've been feeling really tired and sick. I've been sneezing a lot and I can't seem to get warm. I'm so tired and my head is killing me. And my fever is really high, like I'm boiling.
9.	I've been quite exhausted and ill. My throat has been quite painful, and I've had a fairly nasty cough. I've got a lot of chills and a pretty high temperature. Just feeling extremely run down and weak
10.	I've been quite exhausted and ill. I have been sneezing a lot and am having trouble warming up. I'm so exhausted, and my head hurts. And I feel like I am boiling over with my high temperature.
11.	I can't stop sneezing and I feel really tired and crummy. My throat is really sore and I have a lot of gunky stuff in my nose and throat. My neck feels swollen and puffy too.
12.	I can't stop sneezing, and I'm exhausted and sick. My throat is really uncomfortable, and there is a lot of junk in my nose and throat. My neck is also swollen and puffy.
13.	I keep sneezing, and I'm miserable and exhausted. I have a lot of gunky things in my nose and throat, and my throat is really hurting. My neck also feels puffy and swollen.
14.	I've been feeling really exhausted and sick to my stomach. I've had a really bad cough and my throat has hurt a lot. I've experienced substantial sinus pressure and a congested nose. I'm really unpleasant and worn out.
15.	I've been sneezing a lot and feeling really tired and sick. There's also a lot of gross stuff coming out of my nose and my throat feels really scratchy. And my neck feels swollen too.
16.	I've been wheezing a lot and am generally feeling sick and exhausted. My throat feels really scratchy, and a lot of gross stuff is flowing out of my nose. My neck also feels bloated.
17.	My sinuses feel incredibly congested, and my eyes are continuously red. I just constantly feel drained and exhausted. In addition, I have a lot of uncomfortable phlegm in my throat. My lymph nodes feel bloated, and breathing has been challenging.
18.	My eyes have been really red and my sinuses feel congested. I just don't have any energy and my throat has been really itchy. I've also noticed my lymph nodes are swollen and I've been coughing up a lot of phlegm.
19.	My sinuses feel stuffy, and my eyes have been quite red. I simply lack energy, and my throat has been really scratchy. Along with the swelling in my lymph nodes, I've also been coughing up a lot of phlegm.
20.	My eyes are always red and itchy, and my nose feels all stuffy and congested. I just feel kind of sick and tired all the time, and I keep coughing up all this gunk. My throat feels sore and scratchy, and I've noticed that the bumps on my neck are bigger than usual
21.	My nose always feels stuffy and congested, and my eyes are always red and itching. I have a feeling of being unwell and fatigued, and I keep hacking up this gunk. I have a scratchy, irritated throat, and I've seen that my neck's bumps are larger than usual.
22.	I keep sneezing, and my eyes don't quit dripping. It's incredibly difficult for me to breathe because it feels like there is something trapped in my throat. I often feel exhausted, and lately, I've had a lot of phlegm. Moreover, my lymph nodes are enlarged.
23.	My eyes are red and watery all the time. I've also had this pressure in my sinuses that won't go away. I'm always feeling tired and I've been having a lot of trouble breathing. I've also had a lot of gunk in my throat and my lymph nodes are swollen.
24.	My eyes are constantly red and runny. A persistent tightness in my sinuses has also been bothering me. I've been having a lot of difficulties breathing and constantly feel fatigued. In addition, I have a lot of throat mucus and inflamed lymph nodes.
25.	My nose feels quite clogged, and my eyes are constantly very red and runny. In addition, my chest hurts and I've been having a lot of breathing problems. In addition, my muscles feel quite painful, and I can't smell anything.
26.	My eyes are usually red and runny, and my nose is always stuffy. I've also been having difficulty breathing and my chest hurts. In addition, I can't smell anything and my muscles are quite painful.
27.	My eyes are usually red and inflamed, and I have the impression that something is clogging my sinuses. I've been coughing up a lot of gunk, and my chest hurts. I can't smell anything, and my muscles are aching.
28.	My eyes are always red and swollen, and I feel like there's something blocking my sinuses. I've been coughing up a lot of goo and my chest feels really heavy. I can't smell anything and my muscles are really sore
29.	I've been coughing a lot and feeling chilly and shivery. My nose has been quite clogged, and I am experiencing facial pressure. I also have a lot of phlegm, and coughing pains my chest. I can't smell anything, and my muscles are aching.
30.	For days, I've had a nasty cough and cold. My sinuses are clogged, and I have facial pressure. I've also been creating phlegm, and coughing pains my chest. I can't smell anything, and my muscles are aching.
31.	I've had a nasty cough and cold for days. My sinuses are congested, and I have facial pressure. I've also been coughing up mucus, and it pains my chest. I can't smell anything and my muscles are aching.
32.	My cough and cold have been awful for days. My sinuses are congested, and my face is under strain. Additionally, I've been coughing up phlegm, and it hurts in my chest. I have no sense of smell, and my muscles hurt a lot.
33.	I'm coughing nonstop and I'm shivering terribly. I have a stuffy nose and my face is under strain. In addition, my throat is coughing up some nasty gunk, and my chest hurts. My muscles hurt a lot, and I can't smell anything.
34.	I can't stop coughing and I feel really cold. My sinuses are all blocked and I have a lot of mucus. My chest hurts and I can't smell anything. My muscles are also really sore.
35.	I'm coughing nonstop and am really chilly. My mucus production is excessive, and my sinuses are fully clogged. I can't smell anything, and my chest hurts. My muscles are quite painful as well.
36.	I can't stop coughing and I'm freezing. My sinuses are completely blocked, and I'm inundated with mucous. My chest hurts, and I'm unable to smell anything. My muscles are also really achy.
37.	I've been coughing a lot and finding it difficult to breathe. My throat hurts and I feel like I have a lot of phlegm trapped in my chest. My nose has been running a lot, and I've been feeling really congested.
38.	I've been quite exhausted and ill. My throat has been quite painful, and I've had a fairly nasty cough. I've got a lot of chills and a pretty high temperature. Just feeling extremely run down and weak
39.	I've been experiencing severe weariness and a sickly sensation. My throat has been really painful and I've had a fairly severe cough. My nose has been quite stuffy, and I've had significant sinus pressure. I'm really miserable and extremely exhausted.
40.	I've been feeling really sick and I've had a lot of fatigue. I've had a really bad cough and my throat has been really sore. I've had a lot of sinus pressure and my nose has been really congested. I just feel really run down and miserable.
41.	I've been quite exhausted and ill. My throat has been quite painful, and I've had a fairly nasty cough. I've got a lot of chills and a pretty high temperature. Simply put, I feel really run down and feeble.
42.	I've been really weary and ill. I've been suffering from a severe cough and sore throat. I've got a lot of chills and a pretty high temperature.Â I simply feel tired and run down.
43.	I can't quit sneezing, and my nose is running. I'm also constantly chilly and exhausted, and I've been coughing a lot. My fever is also really high, well above usual.
44.	I've been feeling awful, with a lot of congestion and a runny nose. I've been coughing a lot and having a lot of chest pain. My fever has been really high, and I've been experiencing severe muscular discomfort.
45.	My neck is swollen, and I'm exhausted. My throat is scratchy, and my eyes are burning red. My nose is really clogged, and I am experiencing facial pressure. My chest hurts, and I'm unable to smell anything.
46.	I lack energy and feel like my neck is bloated. My eyes are red, and my throat feels scratchy. I have severe congestion in my nostrils, and my face is under pressure. I can't smell anything, and my chest hurts.
47.	I feel quite weak, and my lymph nodes are enlarged. My eyes are burning, and my throat hurts. My sinuses are under strain, and my nose is stuffy. I can't smell anything, and my chest hurts.
48.	I've had a terrible cough and cold for days. My face is tired and my sinuses are blocked. In addition, my chest hurts from the phlegm I've been coughing up. I can't smell, and my muscles are in terrible pain.
49.	I have red, watery eyes all the time. My sinuses have also been bothered by a constant tightness. My breathing has been quite tough, and I've been feeling worn out all the time. My lymph nodes are irritated, and I also have a lot of throat mucous.
50.	I always get hot, puffy eyes and the feeling that something is obstructing my sinuses. My chest feels quite heavy, and I've been coughing up a lot of gunk. I have no sense of smell, and my muscles hurt a lot.


Pneumonia:

The scenarios that specifies the person has Pneumonia are defined below:

1.	I've been feeling really cold and tired lately, and I've been coughing a lot with chest pain. My heart is beating really fast too, and when I cough, the phlegm is kind of a rusty color.
2.	I've been coughing a lot recently with chest pain and feeling incredibly chilly and exhausted. Additionally, my heart is thumping rapidly, and the phlegm I cough up has a reddish hue.
3.	I've been feeling really drained and cold, and I can't stop coughing. It hurts in my chest when I do, and my heart feels like it's racing. The mucus I'm coughing up is a gross brownish color.
4.	I've been exhausted and chilly, and I can't stop coughing. When I do, it pains in my chest and makes my heart race. My coughing mucous has a disgusting brownish hue.
5.	I've been having chills and feeling exhausted, and I can't seem to shake this cough. My chest hurts when I cough, and my heart feels like it's going a million miles an hour. The phlegm I'm coughing up is a dirty rust color.
6.	I've been experiencing chills, feeling worn out, and I can't seem to get rid of this cough. When I cough, my chest aches and my heart feels as like it is beating a million miles per hour. I'm coughing up a nasty rust-colored phlegm.
7.	I've been feeling really weak and cold lately, and this cough won't go away. It hurts in my chest when I cough, and my heart is pounding. The mucus I'm bringing up is a rusty brown color.
8.	I've been having chills and feeling really worn out, and this cough won't go away. My chest hurts when I cough, and my heart is racing. The mucus I'm bringing up is a gross brownish color.
9.	I've been experiencing chills, feel really exhausted, and my cough just won't go away. When I cough, my chest aches and my heart is pounding. It's a disgusting brownish hue, the mucous I'm coming up.
10.	I have a really high fever, and I'm having trouble breathing. I'm sweating a lot and feeling really cold and tired. My heart is beating really fast, and I have some brownish sputum
11.	I'm having problems breathing and have a very high fever. I'm perspiring a lot and experiencing extreme fatigue and chilly. My heart is racing, and I'm coughing up some brownish mucus.
12.	My temperature is very high, and I'm having a hard time breathing. I'm sweating profusely, and I'm shaking with chills. I'm really tired, and my heart is beating really fast. I also have some brownish phlegm coming up
13.	I'm having trouble breathing, and my fever is really high. I'm drenched in sweat and shivering from the chill. My heart is thumping rapidly, and I'm quite exhausted. Additionally, I'm about to have some brownish phlegm.
14.	My fever is really high, and I'm having trouble catching my breath. I'm sweating a lot, feeling cold and tired, and my heart is beating really fast. I also have some brownish phlegm coming up.
15.	I have a really high fever, and I have problems breathing. My heart is racing quite quickly, I'm perspiring a lot, and I feel chilly and exhausted. I'm also about to cough out some brownish phlegm.
16.	I've been feeling really sick with a high fever, shortness of breath, sweating, chills, and extreme fatigue. My heart rate is rapid, and I've been coughing up a lot of brownish sputum.
17.	With a high temperature, shortness of breath, sweating, chills, and intense exhaustion, I've been feeling quite poorly. I've been coughing up a lot of brownish phlegm and my pulse rate is racing.
18.	I'm having a really hard time catching my breath and I'm sweating a lot. I feel really sick and have a lot of mucus in my throat. My chest hurts and my heart is racing. The mucus I'm coughing up is dark and looks like rust.
19.	I'm sweating profusely and finding it difficult to catch my breath. I feel quite ill, and my throat is very mucous. My heart is pounding, and my chest aches. I'm coughing up thick mucous that resembles rust.
20.	I'm having a lot of trouble breathing and am really uneasy. I'm feeling unwell and am perspiring a lot. My chest hurts and I have a lot of mucus in my throat. My heart is racing, and the hue of the mucus I'm coughing up is off.
21.	I can't seem to get enough air and I'm sweating a lot. I don't feel well and there's a lot of phlegm in my throat. My chest hurts and my heart is racing. The mucus I'm coughing up is reddish in color.
22.	I'm sweating profusely and can't seem to get enough air. My throat is filled with a lot of mucus, and I don't feel good. My heart is pounding, and my chest aches. I'm coughing up reddish-colored mucous.
23.	I can't seem to catch my breath and I'm sweating a lot. I feel really sick and have a lot of phlegm in my throat. My chest hurts and my heart is racing. The mucus I'm coughing up is yellowish.
24.	I'm dripping with perspiration and can't seem to catch my breath. My throat is filled with a lot of phlegm, and I feel awful. My heart is pounding, and my chest aches. I'm coughing up brownish mucous.
25.	I'm having a hard time breathing and I feel really uncomfortable. I'm sweating a lot and there's a lot of phlegm in my throat. My chest hurts and my heart is beating fast. The mucus I'm coughing up is brownish.
26.	I'm having trouble breathing and am quite uneasy. My throat is filled with a lot of phlegm, and I'm perspiring a lot. My heart is racing, and my chest aches. I'm coughing up reddish mucous.
27.	I can't seem to catch my breath and I'm sweating a lot. I feel really sick and have a lot of phlegm in my throat. My chest hurts and my heart is racing. The mucus I'm coughing up is brownish and stringy.
28.	I'm dripping with perspiration and can't seem to catch my breath. My throat is filled with a lot of phlegm, and I feel awful. My heart is pounding, and my chest aches. I'm coughing up a stringy, brownish mucous.
29.	I'm drenched with sweat and struggling to breathe. I don't feel well and have a lot of mucous in my throat. My chest aches, and my heart is racing. I'm coughing up mucus that is crimson in colour.
30.	I've been feeling very lousy, with a high temperature, shortness of breath, sweating, chills, and extreme weariness. My heart is beating, and I've been coughing up a lot of brownish phlegm.
31.	I have a really high fever, and I have problems breathing. My heart is racing quite quickly, I'm perspiring a lot, and I feel chilly and exhausted. I'm also about to cough out some brownish phlegm.
32.	My fever is really high, and I'm having difficulty breathing. I'm drenched in sweat and shivering with chills. I'm quite fatigued, and my heart is racing. I'm also expecting some brownish phlegm.
33.	I've been getting chills, feeling tired, and I can't seem to shake this cough. My chest aches and my heart feels like it's racing at a million miles per hour when I cough. I'm coughing out a foul rusty phlegm.
34.	I'm having a hard time breathing and I feel really uncomfortable. I'm sweating a lot and there's a lot of phlegm in my throat. My chest hurts and my heart is beating fast. The mucus I'm coughing up is brownish.
35.	I'm having trouble breathing and am really uncomfortable. I'm sweating profusely and have a lot of mucus in my throat. My chest aches, and my heart is racing. I'm coughing up dark mucous.
36.	I've got a high fever and can't seem to catch my breath. I've been sweating profusely and generally feeling ill and weak. I've also had some quite thick and black phlegm. My chest aches, and my heart has been racing rapidly.
37.	Lately I've been experiencing chills, fatigue, a cough, a high fever, and difficulty breathing. I've been sweating a lot and just feeling really sick and weak. I've also had some phlegm that's been really thick and dark.
38.	I've recently been suffering with chills, lethargy, a cough, a high temperature, and difficulties breathing. I've been sweating profusely and generally feeling ill and weak. I've also had some quite thick and black phlegm.
39.	Lately I've been experiencing chills, fatigue, a cough, a high fever, and difficulty breathing. I've been sweating a lot and just feeling really sick and weak. I've also had some phlegm that's been really thick and dark.
40.	I've recently been suffering with chills, lethargy, a cough, a high temperature, and difficulties breathing. I've been sweating profusely and generally feeling ill and weak. I've also had some quite thick and red phlegm.
41.	I've had chills, lethargy, a cough, a high temperature, and difficulties breathing lately. I've been sweating profusely and generally feeling ill and weak. I've also had some quite thick and black phlegm.
42.	I've been having a lot of respiratory issues lately along with chills, exhaustion, a cough, and a high temperature. I've been sweating profusely and generally feeling ill and weak. My chest aches, and my heart has been racing rapidly.
43.	I've been suffering with chills, tiredness, and a cough recently. I've been sweating tremendously and feeling overall unwell and weak. I've also had some thick, black phlegm. My chest aches, and my heart has been racing.
44.	I'm running a temperature and can't seem to catch my breath. I've been sweating tremendously and feeling overall unwell and weak. I've also had some thick, black phlegm. My heart has been beating frantically, and my chest hurts.
45.	I'm drenched with sweat and can't seem to catch my breath. My throat is clogged with mucus, and I'm miserable. My heart is racing, and my chest aches. I'm coughing up a brownish stringy mucus.
46.	I'm saturated with sweat and struggling to breathe. My throat is blocked with mucous, and I'm uncomfortable. My heart is racing, and my chest aches. I'm coughing up a darkish stringy mucous.
47.	I'm having a lot of problems breathing. I'm not feeling good, and I'm sweating a lot. I have a lot of mucous in my throat and my chest hurts. My breathing is laboured, and the phlegm I'm coughing up has an odd tint.
48.	I have a lot of difficulty breathing. I don't feel well, and I'm perspiring a lot. My chest hurts, and I have a lot of mucus in my throat. I'm having trouble breathing, and the phlegm I'm coughing up has a strange hue.
49.	I've been coughing a lot and feeling incredibly chilly and exhausted. I have a pretty high fever, and it's difficult for me to breathe. I've been perspiring a lot and generally feeling weak and ill. I've had some quite thick and black phlegm.
50.	I've recently had chills, exhaustion, a cough, a high temperature, and breathing issues. I've been perspiring a lot and generally feeling weak and ill. I've had some quite thick and black phlegm. My heart has been racing quite quickly.


Dimorphic Hemorrhoids:

The scenarios that specifies the person has Dimorphic Hemorrhoids are defined below:

1.	Constipation, discomfort with bowel motions, and anus pain have all recently been bothering me. My anus has been quite inflamed, and my stool has been extremely bloody.
2.	Lately I've been experiencing constipation, pain during bowel movements, and pain in my anus. My stool has also been really bloody and my anus has been really irritated.
3.	Recently, I've been having a lot of difficulty using the restroom. My bowel movements have been extremely uncomfortable and difficult for me to have. Â My anus has been quite inflamed, and my stool has been extremely bloody.
4.	I've been having a lot of trouble going to the bathroom lately. It's really painful when I do, and there's been some blood in my stool. I've also been having some pain and irritation around my anus.
5.	Recently, I've been having a lot of difficulty using the restroom. When I do, it hurts a lot, and I've noticed some blood in my stool. Around my anus, I've also been experiencing some discomfort and itching.
6.	Lately I've been really constipated, and it's been really painful when I do go to the bathroom. I've also noticed some blood in my stool, and my anus has been really irritated.
7.	I've been suffering from severe constipation lately, and whenever I do go to the restroom, it hurts a lot. Aside from that, my anus has been really itchy, and I've observed some blood in my stool.
8.	I've been having a lot of trouble going to the bathroom lately, and it's been really painful. I've also noticed that my stool has been bloody and my anus has been really irritated.
9.	Recently, I've been having a lot of discomfort and difficulty using the restroom. Additionally, I've noticed that my anus has been quite sore and that my stool has been bloody.
10.	I've been terribly constipated lately, and when I do go to the bathroom, it hurts a lot. Aside from that, my anus has been really itchy, and I've observed some blood in my stool.
11.	I've been quite constipated lately, and going to the restroom has been excruciatingly uncomfortable. I've also observed blood in my stool, and my anus has been aggravated.
12.	I've been having a lot of trouble going to the bathroom lately. It's been really painful and I've been experiencing pain in my anus. My stool has also been bloody and my anus has been really irritated.
13.	I've been having a lot of problems using the restroom recently. It's been excruciatingly uncomfortable, and I've been feeling agony in my anus. My stool has been bloody as well, and my anus has been really inflamed.
14.	I've been having trouble going to the restroom recently. When I try to go, it's really uncomfortable, and my anus hurts a lot. I've also had some blood in my stool, and my anus has been really uncomfortable.
15.	I've been having a really hard time going to the bathroom lately. It's really painful when I try to go and my anus hurts a lot. There's also been some blood in my stool and my anus has been really itchy.
16.	I've been experiencing problems using the restroom recently. It's quite difficult for me to go, and it hurts when I do. I've also been experiencing buttock soreness and bloody stools. My anus has also been quite itching and sensitive.
17.	Recently, I've been having problems using the restroom. Going is incredibly difficult, and doing so hurts. In addition, I've been experiencing some butt soreness, and my stools have been bloody. My anus has also been quite itching and aggravated.
18.	I've been constipated and it's really hard to go to the bathroom. When I do go, it hurts and my stool has been bloody. I've also been having some pain in my butt and my anus has been really itchy and irritated.
19.	Since I've been constipated, using the restroom has been quite challenging. When I do go, it aches and I've had blood in my stool. My anus has been quite itchy and irritating, and I've also been experiencing some discomfort in my butt.
20.	I've been constipated and it's really hard to go to the bathroom. When I do go, it hurts and my stool has been bloody. I've also been having some pain in my butt and my anus has been really itchy and irritated.
21.	Since I've been constipated, using the restroom has been quite challenging. When I do go, it aches and I've had blood in my stool. My anus has been quite itchy and irritating, and I've also been experiencing some discomfort in my butt.
22.	I've been constipated and it's really hard to go to the bathroom. When I do go, it hurts and my stool has been bloody. I've also been having some pain in my butt and my anus has been really itchy and irritated.
23.	Constipation has made it quite difficult for me to use the restroom. My stool has been bloody when I do go, and it hurts. In addition, my anus has been quite itchy and inflamed, and I've been experiencing some butt soreness.
24.	It's incredibly difficult for me to use the restroom, and when I do, it hurts a lot. My stools have been bloody, and my butt has been hurting. My anus has also been quite itching and aggravated.
25.	I'm having a lot of trouble going to the bathroom and it's really painful when I do. My stool has been bloody and I've had some pain in my butt. My anus has been really itchy and irritated too.
26.	I've been having trouble going to the bathroom. It's been really hard to go and it hurts when I do. My anus is really sore and it's been bleeding when I go. It's really painful and I'm really uncomfortable.
27.	I've been finding it challenging to use the restroom. Going has been quite difficult, and it aches when I do. When I go, my anus bleeds and is really uncomfortable. I'm in a lot of discomfort and it hurts extremely bad.
28.	I've been having difficulty using the restroom. It's been difficult to go, and it aches when I do. My anus is quite painful, and it has been bleeding whenever I go. It's excruciatingly painful, and I'm quite uneasy.
29.	Lately I've been experiencing constipation and pain during bowel movements. My anus is really sore and it's been bleeding when I go. It's really painful and I'm really uncomfortable.
30.	I've recently been suffering from constipation and digestive discomfort. My anus is quite painful, and it has been bleeding whenever I go. It's excruciatingly painful, and I'm quite uneasy.
31.	Constipation and soreness with bowel motions have been bothering me lately. When I go, my anus bleeds and is really uncomfortable. I'm in a lot of discomfort and it hurts extremely bad.
32.	I've been having a lot of trouble with my bowel movements lately. It's hard to go and it hurts when I do. My anus is really sore and it's been bleeding when I go. It's really painful and I'm really uncomfortable.
33.	My bowel motions have been really difficult for me recently. Going is difficult, and it aches when I do. When I go, my anus bleeds and is really uncomfortable. I'm in a lot of discomfort and it hurts extremely bad.
34.	I've been experiencing a lot of bowel movement issues recently. It's difficult to go, and it hurts when I do. My anus is quite painful, and it has been bleeding whenever I go. It's excruciatingly painful, and I'm quite uneasy.
35.	I'm having a lot of trouble with my bowel movements lately. It's hard to go and it hurts when I do. My anus is really sore and it's been bleeding when I go. It's really painful and I'm really uncomfortable.
36.	I've been experiencing a lot of problems with my bowel motions recently. It's difficult to go, and it hurts when I do. My anus is quite painful, and it has been bleeding whenever I go. It's excruciatingly painful, and I'm quite uneasy.
37.	My bowel motions are giving me a lot of problems right now. Going is difficult, and going hurts when I do it. When I go, my anus bleeds and is really uncomfortable. I'm in a lot of discomfort and it hurts extremely bad.
38.	Lately I've been experiencing constipation and pain during bowel movements. My anus is really sore and it's been bleeding when I go. It's really painful and I'm really uncomfortable.
39.	I've been having constipation and bowel motions that hurt recently. When I go, my anus bleeds and is really uncomfortable. I'm in a lot of discomfort and it hurts extremely bad.
40.	I've recently been suffering from constipation and digestive discomfort. My anus is quite painful, and it has been bleeding whenever I go. It's excruciatingly painful, and I'm quite uneasy.
41.	I've been experiencing a lot of bowel movement issues recently. It's difficult to go, and it hurts when I do. My anus is quite painful, and it has been bleeding whenever I go. It's excruciatingly painful, and I'm quite uneasy.
42.	I'm having a lot of trouble with my bowel movements lately. It's hard to go and it hurts when I do. My anus is really sore and it's been bleeding when I go. It's really painful and I'm really uncomfortable.
43.	My bowel motions have been really difficult for me recently. Going is difficult, and it aches when I do. When I go, my anus bleeds and is really uncomfortable. I'm in a lot of discomfort and it hurts extremely bad.
44.	I've been experiencing a lot of problems with my bowel motions recently. It's difficult to go, and it hurts when I do. My anus is quite painful, and it has been bleeding whenever I go. It's excruciatingly painful, and I'm quite uneasy.
45.	I've been experiencing a lot of bowel movement issues recently. It's difficult to go, and it hurts when I do. My anus is quite painful, and it has been bleeding whenever I go. It's really painful and I'm really uncomfortable.
46.	I've been getting a lot of bowel issues recently. It's difficult for me to go, and it hurts when I do. My anus is quite painful, and it has been bleeding whenever I go. It's excruciatingly painful, and I'm quite uneasy.
47.	I've been having a really hard time going to the bathroom lately. It's really painful and I'm only able to go every few days. There's also a lot of pain in my anus and around that area. My stool has been really bloody and my anus feels really irritated.
48.	I've been finding it incredibly difficult recently to use the restroom. I can only go sporadically because it hurts so much. My anus and the surrounding region are also quite painful. My anus feels really aggravated, and my stool has been extremely bloody.
49.	I'm having a lot of trouble with constipation and pain while trying to go to the bathroom. It hurts a lot in my anus and the area around it. My stool has been bloody and my anus is really irritated.
50.	Constipation and bowel movement discomfort have been very common for me lately. The region surrounding my anus and I both ache a lot. My anus is really itchy, and my stool has been bloody.

Arthritis:

The scenarios that specifies the person has Arthritis are defined below:

1.	My muscles have been feeling really weak, and my neck has been extremely tight. I've been experiencing a lot of stiffness when I walk about and my joints have been swollen. Walking has also been really uncomfortable.
2.	I've been feeling really weak in my muscles and my neck has been really stiff. My joints have been swelling up and I've been having a lot of stiffness when I move around. It's also been really painful to walk.
3.	My muscles have been quite weak, and my neck has been really stiff. My joints have swollen and I've been experiencing a lot of stiffness when I move around. Walking has also been excruciatingly uncomfortable.
4.	I've been feeling really weak in my muscles and my neck has been really stiff. My joints have been swelling up and it's been hard to move around. Walking has been really painful.
5.	My muscles have been really weak, and my neck has been extremely stiff. My joints have swollen, making it difficult to move about. Walking has been excruciatingly uncomfortable.
6.	I've been experiencing severe muscular weakness, and my neck has been really stiff. It has been difficult to move about since my joints have swollen. It has been really uncomfortable to walk.
7.	My muscles have been feeling really weak, and my neck has been extremely tight. My joints have swollen, making it difficult for me to move. It has hurt a lot to walk.
8.	My neck has been so tense, and I've been feeling like my muscles are incredibly weak. I have trouble moving since my joints have enlarged. To walk has been quite painful.
9.	My neck has been really stiff, and I've had terrible muscle weakness. Due to the swelling in my joints, it has been challenging to move about. Walking has been quite unpleasant.
10.	I've been feeling really weak in my muscles lately and my neck has been really stiff. My joints have been swelling up and it's hard for me to move around without feeling stiff. Walking has been really painful too.
11.	Recently, my muscles have felt quite weak, and my neck has been really tight. I have swollen joints and find it difficult to move about without becoming stiff. It has also been really uncomfortable to walk.
12.	I've been experiencing muscular weakness and stiffness in my neck recently. My joints have swollen, making it difficult for me to walk about without becoming stiff. Walking has also been excruciatingly uncomfortable.
13.	Recently, I've been suffering neck muscle weakness and stiffness. My joints have enlarged and it is difficult for me to walk without feeling stiff. Walking has also been excruciatingly uncomfortable.
14.	Lately, my neck has been tight and my muscles have been weakened. I have swelling joints that make it difficult for me to move about without getting stiff. It has also been agonisingly painful to walk.
15.	I've been feeling really weak in my muscles and my neck has been really stiff. My joints have been swelling up and it's hard for me to move around without feeling stiff. Walking has been really painful too.
16.	My muscles have been feeling really weak, and my neck has been extremely tight. I have swollen joints and find it difficult to move about without becoming stiff. It has also been really uncomfortable to walk.
17.	My muscles have been quite weak, and my neck has been really stiff. My joints have swollen, making it difficult for me to walk about without becoming stiff. Walking has also been excruciatingly uncomfortable.
18.	My muscles have been really weak, and my neck has been extremely stiff. My joints have swollen, making it difficult for me to walk about without feeling stiff. Walking has also been really uncomfortable.
19.	My muscles have been quite weak, and my neck has been really stiff. My joints have swollen, making it difficult for me to move without becoming stiff. Walking has been quite uncomfortable as well.
20.	My neck has been really tight, and my muscles have been rather weak. I have swelling joints that make it hard for me to move without getting stiff. Additionally, walking has been quite unpleasant.
21.	I've been feeling really weak in my muscles and my neck has been really stiff. My joints have been swelling up and it's hard for me to move around without feeling stiff. Walking has been really painful too.
22.	My muscles have been feeling really weak, and my neck has been extremely tight. I have swollen joints and find it difficult to move about without becoming stiff. It has also been really uncomfortable to walk.
23.	My neck has been extremely tight and my muscles have been feeling extremely weak. It is difficult for me to move around without becoming stiff due to my swollen joints. Walking has also been extremely uncomfortable.
24.	My neck has been extremely stiff and my muscles have been extremely weak. As a result of swelling in my joints, I find it difficult to move around without feeling stiff. Additionally, walking has been extremely uneasy.
25.	I've been experiencing stiffness and weakness in my neck muscles recently. Since my joints have grown, it's hard for me to walk without getting stiff. Additionally, walking has been extremely uncomfortable.
26.	My neck has been extremely tight and my muscles have been feeling extremely weak. My joints have been swollen and I've been walking around with a lot of stiffness. Additionally, walking has been extremely uneasy.
27.	I've been experiencing stiffness and weakness in my neck muscles recently. Since my joints have grown, it's hard for me to walk without getting stiff. Additionally, walking has been extremely uncomfortable.
28.	I've been feeling really weak in my muscles and my neck has been really stiff. My joints have been swelling up and it's hard for me to move around without feeling stiff. Walking has been really painful too.
29.	My muscles have been quite weak, and my neck has been really stiff. My joints have swollen, making it difficult for me to walk about without feeling stiff. Walking has also been really uncomfortable.
30.	I've been experiencing severe muscular weakness, and my neck has been really stiff. I have swollen joints and find it difficult to move about without becoming stiff. It has also been really uncomfortable to walk.
31.	I've been feeling really weak in my muscles lately and my neck has been really stiff. My joints have been swollen and it's hard for me to move around. It's also been painful to walk.
32.	I've been feeling truly frail in my muscles recently and my neck has been truly solid. Swollen joints make it difficult for me to move around. Walking has also been difficult.
33.	Recently, my muscles have felt quite weak, and my neck has been really tight. I have swollen joints, making it difficult for me to move. Walking has also been painful.
34.	I've been experiencing muscular weakness and stiffness in my neck recently. My joints have enlarged, making it difficult for me to move. Walking has also been difficult.
35.	I've been feeling truly frail in my muscles recently and my neck has been truly solid. It has been difficult for me to move around because my joints have been swelling. Walking has also been extremely painful.
36.	My muscles have been feeling feeble recently, but my neck has been rock solid. My joints have become swollen, making it difficult for me to move about. Walking has been quite uncomfortable as well.
37.	My muscles have been feeling rather weak lately, but my neck has been really strong. My joints have swollen, making it challenging for me to move about. It has also been excruciatingly difficult to walk.
38.	My neck has been extremely tight and my muscles have felt quite weak recently. It is difficult for me to move around without becoming stiff due to my swollen joints. Walking has also been extremely uncomfortable.
39.	I've been experiencing stiffness and weakness in my neck muscles recently. Since my joints have grownup, it's heavy on behalf of Pine Tree State to run whereas not getting stiff. additionally, walking has been terribly uncomfortable.
40.	I've been experiencing muscular weakness and stiffness in my neck recently. My joints have swollen, creating it troublesome on behalf of me to run regarding while not changing into stiff. Walking has additionally been agonizingly uncomfortable.
41.	My muscles are quite weak, and my neck has been very stiff. My joints have swollen, creating it troublesome on behalf of me to steer concerning while not feeling stiff. Walking has conjointly been very uncomfortable.
42.	My muscles area unit quite weak, and my neck has been terribly stiff. My joints have swollen, making it hard on behalf of Maine to steer regarding whereas not feeling stiff. Walking has put together been terribly uncomfortable.
43.	I've been experiencing stiffness and weakness in my neck muscles recently. Since my joints have grownup, it's onerous on behalf of me to run while not obtaining stiff. in addition, walking has been extraordinarily uncomfortable.
44.	My neck has been very tight and my muscles have felt quite weak recently. it's tough on behalf of me to maneuver around while not changing into stiff thanks to my swollen joints. Walking has additionally been very uncomfortable.
45.	Recently, when I try to walk about, I have stiffness, a stiff neck, swollen joints, and muscular weakness. Walking has also been really uncomfortable.
46.	Lately i have been experiencing muscle weakness, a stiff neck, swelling joints, and stiffness after I attempt to move around. it is also been very painful to steer.
47.	Recently, the muscles in my neck have become tight and weak. It's difficult for me to run now since my joints are older without getting tight. The act of walking has also been quite unpleasant.
48.	I've been experiencing stiffness and weakness in my neck muscles recently. Since my joints have grownup, it's heavy on behalf of American state to run whereas not getting stiff. additionally, walking has been very uncomfortable.
49.	Recently, the muscles in my neck have become tight and weak. Since my joints have matured, it is difficult for the American government for me to run without becoming stiff. Walking has also been quite unpleasant.
50.	Lately, I've been having stiffness and weakness in my neck muscles. Since my joints have matured, it is difficult for the American state to operate without becoming stiff. Furthermore, walking has been quite painful.

Acne:

The scenarios that specifies the person has Acne are defined below:

1.	I've been having a really bad rash on my skin lately. It's full of pus-filled pimples and blackheads. My skin has also been scurring a lot.
2.	I've just developed a severe rash on my skin. It's clogged with pus-filled pimples and blackheads. My skin has also been quite sensitive.
3.	My skin has been breaking out in a terrible rash lately. Blackheads and pus-filled pimples abound on it. Additionally, my skin has been scurring a lot.
4.	I've recently been experiencing a severe skin rash. Blackheads and pimples packed with pus are everywhere. Additionally, my skin has been scurring a lot.
5.	I've been having a very unhealthy rash on my skin latterly. It's filled with pus-filled pimples and blackheads. My skin has additionally been scurring heaps.
6.	My skin has just acquired a nasty rash. It's full of pus-filled pimples and blackheads. My skin has been really sensitive as well.
7.	A nasty rash has just appeared on my skin. Blackheads and pimples packed with pus are everywhere. Additionally, my skin has been extremely sensitive.
8.	I recently experienced a severe skin rash. Blackheads and pimples filled with pus are clogging it. Additionally, my skin has been quite irritated.
9.	My skin has recently been severely rashy. Blackheads and pus-filled pimples have blocked it. My skin has been quite delicate as well.
10.	Lately I've been experiencing a skin rash with a lot of pus-filled pimples and blackheads. My skin has also been scurring a lot.
11.	A skin rash with several pus-filled pimples and blackheads has been bothering me lately. Additionally, my skin has been scurring a lot.
12.	My skin has now developed a revolting rash. There are pus-filled pimples and blackheads everywhere. My skin has also been really sensitive.
13.	My skin has developed a horrible rash. There are blackheads and pus-filled pimples everywhere. Furthermore, my skin has been exceedingly sensitive.
14.	A nasty rash has just appeared on my skin. Blackheads and pimples packed with pus are everywhere. Additionally, my skin has been extremely sensitive.
15.	My skin has simply nonheritable a nasty rash. It's packed with pus-filled pimples and blackheads. My skin has been very sensitive moreover.
16.	My skin has developed a terrible rash that is not inherited. It has a lot of blackheads and pus-filled pimples. Furthermore, my skin has been exceedingly sensitive.
17.	Recently, I've been experiencing a lot of acne breakouts with pimples that contain pus. I've also been struggling with blackheads.
18.	I woke up this morning and found that I have a really nasty rash all over my skin. There are a ton of blackheads and pimples that are filled with pus. My skin has also been really scurrying.
19.	I've been noticing a really nasty rash on my skin lately. It's covered in blackheads and pimples that are packed with pus. My skin has also been really scurrying.
20.	I just developed a really nasty rash on my skin. There are tons of blackheads and pimples that are filled with pus. My skin has also been really scurrying.
21.	I've been dealing with a really nasty rash on my skin lately. It's covered in blackheads and pimples that are packed with pus. My skin has also been really scurrying.
22.	I woke up this morning to find a really nasty rash on my skin. There are a ton of blackheads and pimples that are filled with pus. My skin has also been really scurrying.
23.	I've been struggling with a really nasty rash on my skin lately. It's covered in blackheads and pimples that are packed with pus. My skin has also been really scurrying.
24.	I just developed a really nasty rash on my skin. There are tons of blackheads and pimples that are filled with pus. My skin has also been really scurrying.
25.	I've been dealing with a really nasty rash on my skin lately. It's covered in blackheads and pimples that are packed with pus. My skin has also been really scurrying.
26.	I've recently developed a terrible rash on my skin. It's riddled with blackheads and pus-filled pimples. My skin has also been scurrying everywhere.
27.	I recently had a horrible rash on my skin. There are several blackheads and pus-filled pimples. My skin has also been moving around a lot.
28.	This morning when I woke up, I discovered that I have an extremely bad rash all over my body. There are several pus-filled pimples and blackheads all around. My skin has also been moving around a lot.
29.	I awoke this morning to see that I had a horrible rash all over my skin. There are several blackheads and pimples loaded with pus. My skin has also been scurrying about.
30.	I've just developed a skin rash with several pus-filled pimples and blackheads. My skin has also been quite sensitive.
31.	A skin rash with several pus-filled pimples and blackheads has been bothering me lately. Additionally, my skin has been scurring a lot.
32.	I woke up this morning to find that I have a terrible rash all over my body. Blackheads and pus-filled pimples are all over the place. Additionally, my skin has been changingÂ a lot.
33.	When I awoke this morning, I realised that I had a severe rash all over my body. There are many pus-filled pimples and blackheads all over the place. My skin has also been scurringÂ a lot.
34.	I've recently developed a terrible rash on my skin. It's riddled with blackheads and pus-filled pimples. My skin has also been scurrying about.
35.	I awoke this morning to see a horrible rash on my skin. There are several blackheads and pimples loaded with pus. My skin has also been scurrying about.
36.	This morning when I woke up, I discovered an extremely bad rash on my skin. There are several pus-filled pimples and blackheads all around. My skin has also been moving around a lot.
37.	I've recently been battling a pretty itchy rash on my skin. There are pus-filled pimples and blackheads all over it. My skin has also been scurringÂ a lot.
38.	This morning, I realized that I had a major rash all over my body. There are lots of pimples filled with pus and blackheads everywhere, and my skin has been scurrying a lot.
39.	I woke up today to find that I had a major rash all over my body. There are lots of pimples filled with pus and blackheads everywhere, and my skin has been scurrying a lot.
40.	I woke up this morning to find that I had a major rash all over my body. It's covered in pus-filled pimples and blackheads, and my skin has been scurrying a lot
41.	This morning, I saw a large rash all over my body. There are a lot of pus-filled pimples and blackheads all over my face, and my skin has been scurrying a lot.
42.	I discovered that I had a significant rash all over my body this morning. Blackheads and pus-filled pimples are proliferating, and my skin has been scurrying a lot.
43.	Yesterday, I noticed an enormous rash all over my skin. There are a lot of pus-filled pimples and blackheads all over my face, and my skin has been scurrying a lot.
44.	I discovered a huge rash on my skin yesterday. My face is covered of blackheads and pus-filled pimples, and my skin has been crawling a lot.
45.	My skin has a horrible rash that is absolutely nonheritable. Blackheads and pus-filled pimples abound on it. In addition, my skin has been quite sensitive.
46.	My skin has merely developed an uninherited rash. It has a lot of pus-filled pimples and blackheads. Furthermore, my skin has been quite sensitive.
47.	When I awoke this morning, I saw a severe rash across my skin. There are many pus-filled pimples and blackheads all over the place. My skin has also been shifting a lot.
48.	When I woke up this morning, I saw a terrible rash on my skin. Blackheads and pus-filled pimples are all over the place. Additionally, my skin has been shifting a lot.
49.	I've recently struggled with a really irritating skin rash. There are blackheads and pus-filled pimples all over it. Additionally, my skin has been scurring a lot.
50.	I've recently been dealing with an itching rash on my skin. It's covered in pus-filled pimples and blackheads. My skin has also been quite sensitive.


Bronchial Asthma:

The scenarios that specifies the person has Bronchial Asthma are defined below:

1.	I have been feeling extremely tired and weak, and I've also been coughing a lot with difficulty breathing. My fever is very high, and I'm producing a lot of mucus when I cough.
2.	I've got a cough that won't go away, and I'm exhausted. I've been coughing up thick mucous and my fever is also pretty high.
3.	I have a persistent cough and have been feeling quite fatigued. My fever is through the roof, and I'm having trouble breathing. When I cough, I also cough up a lot of mucous.
4.	I've been having issues with exhaustion, a dry cough, and breathing. I have a very high fever and have been coughing up a lot of thick, mucoid phlegm.
5.	I feel really fatigued and weak, and I have a bad cough. My fever is really high, and my breathing has become shallow. When I cough, a lot of saliva comes out as well.
6.	I've had a lot of sleepiness, a cough that refuses to go away, and breathing difficulty. I've been coughing up a lot of thick, mucoid saliva and have a high fever.
7.	doctor, i have been having high fever since past few days , saliva also became thick , dry cough , weakness also seen
8.	I have a cough that has continued for days, and I feel really weak and tired. My fever is high, and my breath has become strained. When I cough, I also generate a lot of mucus.
9.	Mom, Dad, I've been feeling really tired and weak lately, and I've had this cough that just won't go away. It's been hard for me to catch my breath, and my fever has been really high. When I cough, I've been producing a lot of mucus.
10.	Hey Mom, Hey Dad, I've been feeling really exhausted lately and have had this persistent cough. My breathing has become shallow, and my fever is very high. I've also been coughing up a lot of thick, mucoid sputum
11.	Recently, I've felt quite weak and exhausted, and I've also had a cough that simply won't go away. My fever has been really high, and it has been challenging for me to catch my breath. I've been making a lot of mucous when I cough.
12.	I've felt terribly weak and drained, and I've also had a cough that that won't go away. My fever has been exceptionally high, and it has been challenging to try to catch my breath. I've been creating a lot of mucous when I cough.
13.	I'm feeling really tired and weak lately, and I've had this cough that just won't go away. My breathing has become shallow, and my fever has been really high. When I cough, I've been producing a lot of thick, mucoid sputum
14.	feeling extremely exhausted and have had this persistent cough. It's been hard for me to catch my breath, and my fever is very high. I've also been producing a lot of mucus when I cough
15.	I've been struggling with fatigue and a constant cough that's been making it difficult to breathe. My fever is high, and I've been coughing up a lot of thick, mucoid sputum.
16.	I've had a nagging cough that won't go away, and my breathing has become labored. My fever is also very high, and I'm feeling very weak and tired. I've been producing a lot of mucus when I cough
17.	I've been experiencing a high fever, a persistent cough, and shortness of breath. I've also been producing a lot of thick, mucoid sputum, and I'm feeling very tired and weak.
18.	I've been having breathing issues, a persistent cough, and exhaustion. I've been coughing up a lot of thick, mucoid sputum and have a very high fever. I'm just feeling so drained and tired from having to deal with all of this.
19.	I've had this cough that's been lingering for days and difficulty breathing. My fever is sky-high, and I'm feeling so weak and tired. I've also been producing a lot of mucus when I cough, and it's just been so overwhelming to deal with all of these symptoms. I'm getting so frustrated with all of this.
20.	I've had a persistent cough for days, and I also have breathing problems. I'm so weak and exhausted, and my fever is through the roof. It's been very difficult to manage all of these symptoms, and I've also been coughing up a lot of mucus. I'm becoming so angry over everything.
21.	I've been struggling with difficulty breathing, a constant cough, and fatigue. My fever is extremely high, and I've been coughing up a lot of thick, mucoid sputum. It's been so hard to deal with all of this, and I'm just feeling so drained and worn out
22.	I've been having breathing issues, a persistent cough, and exhaustion. I've been coughing up a lot of thick, mucoid sputum and have a very high fever. I'm just feeling so exhausted and tired from having to cope with all of this.
23.	I've been feeling really ill lately. I've had this persistent cough and difficulty breathing, and my fever has been off the charts. I'm also feeling extremely exhausted, and I've been producing a lot of mucus when I cough. It's just been so overwhelming to deal with all of these symptoms
24.	Recently, I've been feeling terrible. My fever has been through the roof, and I've had a persistent cough and breathing problems. I've been coughing up a lot of phlegm and am also feeling quite weary. Dealing with all of these symptoms has been quite difficult.
25.	I've had a fever, a cough that won't go away, and shortness of breath. In addition, I've been coughing up a lot of thick, mucoid saliva and I feel quite worn out and weak.
26.	Hey, I've had a dry cough, breathing difficulties, as well as a high fever. a lot of mucous is being produced, and I feel incredibly weak and tired."
27.	Recently, I have had a number of concerning symptoms, including a dry cough, impaired breathing, a high fever, and a lot of mucus. I also feel very weak and tired.
28.	I am currently dealing with a number of health issues, including a dry cough, difficulty breathing, a high fever, and increased mucus production. I am also feeling very weak and tired
29.	its been a week , i am suffering from continious health issues like dry cough  , problems in breathing , weakness throughout the day.
30.	Doctor , from couple of days i am not able to brethe propelry , lying on bed due to high fever , lot of mucus gets out . please suggest me some medicines.
31.	I've been experiencing shortness of breath, a persistent cough, and a high fever. I've also been producing a lot of thick, mucoid sputum, and I'm feeling so drained and exhausted. It's been so hard to deal with all of this.
32.	I'm so weak and exhausted, and my fever is through the roof. It's been very difficult to manage all of these symptoms, and I've also been coughing up a lot of mucus. I'm becoming so angry over everything.
33.	must confess that I've been experiencing shortness of breath, a persistent cough, and a high fever. I've also been producing a lot of thick, mucoid sputum, and I'm feeling quite drained and exhausted. It's all been rather tough to deal with, and I'm feeling quite sick at the moment
34.	I must admit that I have been having a high fever, a persistent cough, and shortness of breath. In addition, I've been coughing up a lot of thick, mucoid saliva and I've been feeling really depleted and worn out.
35.	I've been having a tough time with this constant cough, difficulty breathing, and fatigue. My fever is high, and I've been coughing up a lot of thick, mucoid sputum. It's all been rather draining and exhausting, and I'm feeling quite sick at the moment.
36.	I've been struggling with a persistent cough, breathing issues, and exhaustion. I've been coughing up a lot of thick, mucoid sputum and have a high fever. All of this has been really tiring and exhausting, and right now I'm feeling rather ill.
37.	I've been dealing with a bad cough, breathing issues, and drowsiness. I've been coughing up a lot of thick, mucoid sputum and have a high fever. All of this has been really exhausting and exhausting, and right now I'm feeling rather ill.
38.	My persistent cough, breathing problems, and exhaustion have been making things difficult for me. I've been producing copious amounts of thick, mucoid sputum while also having a high fever. I'm currently feeling fairly ill because everything has been so tiring and exhausting.
39.	With my persistent cough, respiratory issues, and exhaustion, I've been struggling. I have a high fever and have been producing a lot of thick, mucoid sputum while coughing. I currently feel rather sick as a result of how draining and tiresome everything has been.
40.	My fever is through the roof, and I'm so weak and tired out. I've been coughing up a lot of mucous, and managing all of these symptoms has been really hard. Everything is making me so upset.
41.	Doctor Due to a high fever, I haven't been able to breathe via my nose or mouth for a few days and feelinf too tired. Please recommend some medications for me.
42.	Hey, I've got a dry cough, trouble breathing, and a high fever. I'm producing a lot of mucus and am feeling quite weak and exhausted.
43.	I've been coughing nonstop for days, and I also have respiratory issues. My fever is through the roof, and I'm so weak and worn out. All of these symptoms have been really challenging for me to control,
44.	In addition to sleepiness, I've been having trouble breathing due to a persistent cough. I've been coughing up a lot of thick, mucoid sputum and have a high fever.
45.	I've been struggling to breathe, coughing constantly, and feeling worn out. I have a very high fever and have been coughing up a lot of thick, mucoid saliva. I simply feel so worn out and exhausted from trying to deal with everything.
46.	I've been experiencing difficulty breathing, a chronic cough, and weariness. I've been producing a lot of thick, mucoid sputum while also running a very high temperature. Due to having to cope with all of this, I'm simply feeling extremely worn out and exhausted.
47.	Hello, Mom and Father Recently, I've felt incredibly worn out and have had a cough that won't go away. My fever is really high, and my breathing has become shallow. Additionally, I've been coughing up a lot of mucous, thick sputum.
48.	I've been struggling with fatigue and a constant cough that's been making it difficult to breathe. My fever is high, and I've been coughing up a lot of thick, mucoid sputum.
49.	Doctor Due to a high fever, I haven't been able to breathe via my nose or mouth for a few days and feeling too tired.sometimes mucus has been seen too.Please recommend some medications for me.
50.	I've had ongoing health problems for a week, including a dry cough, breathing difficulties, and general weakness.

Hypertension:

The scenarios that specifies the person has Hypertension are defined below:

1.	I have been experiencing a headache, chest pain, dizziness, and difficulty maintaining my balance. I also feel like I am having trouble concentrating
2.	Along with a headache, chest pain, instability, and balance issues, I've also been feeling dizzy. I also think I'm having problems focusing.
3.	Along with a headÂ pain, chest pain, instability, and balance issues, I've also been feeling unwell. I also think I'm having problems focusing.
4.	In addition to a headÂ pain, chest pain, instability, and balance issues, I've already been feeling unwell. I also suppose I'm having issues focusing.
5.	I've been experiencing balance issues, a headache, chest pain, and dizziness. My ability to concentrate and focus has also been challenging.
6.	I have been having a headache, chest pain, dizziness, and trouble with my balance. It has also been hard for me to focus and concentrate.
7.	I've been encountering trouble walking, a headache, chest pain, and dizziness. My concentration skills and focus has also been challenging.
8.	I've been encountering poor balance, a headache, chest pain, and dizziness. My ability to pay attention and focus has also been problematic.
9.	My coordination has been off, and I've been experiencing a headache, chest pain, and dizziness. Additionally, I've had trouble concentrating and focusing.
10.	My symptoms include a headache, chest pain, dizziness, lack of balance, and trouble concentrating.
11.	I have been experiencing symptoms such as a headache, chest pain, dizziness, loss of balance, and difficulty focusing.
12.	I've been suffering from symptoms including a headache, chest pain, dizziness, losing my balance, and trouble concentrating.
13.	Headache, chest discomfort, dizziness, lack of balance, and difficulty concentrating are some of the symptoms I've been having.
14.	Along with a headache and chest pain, I also experienced fainting and balance issues. Additionally, I've discovered that it's hard for me to focus.
15.	I've been experiencing balance issues, a headache, chest pain, and dizziness. I've also realised that I'm having trouble focusing.
16.	My balance has been off, and I have a headache, chest pain, and dizziness. I've also observed that it's hard for me to concentrate.
17.	I've been experiencing balance issues, chest pain, headaches, and pains. I've been having trouble focusing as well.
18.	I have been experiencing chest pain, dizziness, and a headache that feels like a continual pressure in my forehead.
19.	I have been feeling lightheaded and unsteady on my feet, and have also noticed a decline in my ability to focus and concentrate.
20.	I've been experiencing dizziness and shakiness, as well as a loss in my attention span and ability to concentrate.
21.	I've been experiencing dizziness and anxiousness, as well as a loss in my attention and concentration and ability to concentrate.
22.	I've had intense aches in my chest, a headache that won't go away, and I've been feeling dizzy and unsteady.
23.	I've had intense aches in my chest, a headÂ Â pain that refuses to go away, and I've been feeling dizzy and unsteady.
24.	Along with chest pain, dizziness, and a headache that feels like a narrow zone around my head, I have been having a lot of trouble.
25.	I have been struggling with a headache that feels like a tight band around my head, along with chest pain and dizziness.
26.	I've been experiencing balance issues in addition to feeling disoriented and dizzy. My headache has also been present nonstop.
27.	I have been feeling disoriented and dizzy, and have also had trouble keeping my balance. My headache has been a constant presence as well.
28.	I've been experiencing balance issues along with feeling dizzy and lightheaded. Additionally, I've seen a drop in my concentration and focus.
29.	In addition to feeling dizzy and lightheaded, I've been having problems keeping my equilibrium. My capacity to concentrate and focus has also been slipping, I've noticed.
30.	I have been experiencing a headache that feels like a sharp pain in my temples, along with chest pain and dizziness.
31.	Along with a chest pain and dizziness, I've had a headache that seems like a sharp pain in my forehead.
32.	I have been feeling fine all day, but suddenly developed a headache, chest pain, and dizziness while out for a walk. It's been hard for me to focus and concentrate since then.
33.	While taking a walk, I suddenly started experiencing headache, chest pain, and dizziness after feeling fine all day. Since then, it has been challenging for me to concentrate and focus.
34.	I woke up this morning with a headache and chest pain, and as the day has gone on, I've also been feeling dizzy and unsteady on my feet
35.	I had a headache and chest pain this morning, and as the day wore on, I also started to feel unsteady and unstable on my feet.
36.	I have been dealing with a headache and chest pain for a few days now, but today the dizziness and loss of balance became much worse.
37.	For a few days now, I've been suffering from a headache and chest pain, but today the dizziness and lack of balance got considerably worse.
38.	I was at work when I started feeling a headache, chest pain, and dizziness. It's been hard for me to concentrate and focus on my tasks since then.
39.	When I first experienced a headache, chest pain, and lightheadedness, I was at work. Since then, it has been challenging for me to focus and concentrate on my work.
40.	I was in the middle of a workout when I suddenly developed a headache, chest pain, and dizziness. It's been hard for me to maintain my balance since then
41.	I instantly experienced a headache, chest pain, and dizziness while working out. Since then, it has been challenging for me to keep my balance.
42.	I have been feeling fine all day, but suddenly developed a headache, chest pain, and dizziness while driving home from work. It's been hard for me to focus and concentrate on the road since then.
43.	I felt fine all day, but when I was driving home from work, I suddenly started to have headache, chest discomfort, and dizziness. Since then, it has been challenging for me to concentrate and focus while driving.
44.	I was out shopping when I started feeling a headache, chest pain, and dizziness. It's been hard for me to focus and concentrate on my tasks since then.
45.	When I first experienced a headache, chest pain, and lightheadedness, I was out shopping. Since then, it has been difficult for me to concentrate on my work.
46.	I woke up this morning feeling fine, but as the day went on, I started experiencing a headache, chest pain, and dizziness. It's been hard for me to focus and concentrate on my work since then.
47.	I felt good when I woke up this morning, but as the day wore on, I began to feel headachey, sick to my stomach, and dizzy. Since then, it has been challenging for me to concentrate and focus on my work.
48.	I was in the middle of a meeting when I suddenly developed a headache, chest pain, and dizziness. It's been hard for me to focus and concentrate on the discussion since then.
49.	I suddenly experienced a headache, chest pain, and dizziness in the middle of a conference. Since then, it has been challenging for me to concentrate and focus on the topic.
50.	I have been feeling fine all day, but suddenly developed a headache, chest pain, and dizziness while out for a run. It's been hard for me to maintain my balance since then

Migraine:

The scenarios that specifies the person has Migraine are defined below:

1.	I have been experiencing acidity and indigestion after meals, as well as frequent headaches and blurred vision.
2.	I've been getting frequent headaches and hazy vision, as well as acid reflux and indigestion after meals.
3.	I have been having trouble with my vision, seeing things as distorted and experiencing visual disturbances.
4.	I've been suffering visual disruptions, seeing things as distorted, and eyesight problems.
5.	I've been facing visual disruptions, seeing things as distorted, and eyesight difficulties.
6.	I have been feeling excessively hungry, even after eating, and have had a stiff neck.
7.	I've been facing visual disruptions, seeing things as distorted, and eyesight difficulties.
8.	I've been grumpy and gloomy lately, and I've also noticed a change in my vision.
9.	I have been feeling depressed and irritable, and have noticed a change in my vision.
10.	I've been irritated and depressed lately, and I've also noticed a change in my vision.
11.	Along with recurrent headaches and blurred vision, I suffer acid reflux and trouble digesting my food.
12.	I have been experiencing acid reflux and difficulty digesting my food, along with regular headaches and impaired vision
13.	I have been feeling hungry all the time and have had a sore neck, as well as problems with my vision.
14.	In addition to having a stiff neck and eye issues, I have been always hungry.
15.	I have been experiencing acidity, indigestion, headaches, and blurred and distorted vision, as well as excessive hunger, a stiff neck, depression, irritability, and visual disturbance.
16.	Along with excessive appetite, a stiff neck, depression, impatience, and visual disturbance, I've also been having indigestion, headaches, blurred vision, and acid reflux.
17.	Along with excessive appetite, a stiff neck, depression, impatience, and visual disturbance, I've also been suffering indigestion, headaches, blurred vision, and stomach problems.
18.	I have been suffering from acid reflux, indigestion, frequent headaches, and impaired vision, as well as excessive hunger, a sore neck, depression, irritability, and visual disturbance.
19.	Along with increased hunger, a sore neck, melancholy, impatience, and visual distortion, I've also been experiencing acid reflux, indigestion, frequent headaches, and blurred eyesight.
20.	Together with increased hunger, a sore neck, anxiety, irritation, and visual distortion, I've also been experiencing acid reflux, indigestion, frequent headaches, and impaired eyesight.
21.	I have been experiencing digestive issues, including acidity and indigestion, as well as regular headaches and distorted vision, excessive hunger, a stiff neck, depression, irritability, and visual disturbance.
22.	In addition to recurrent headaches and blurred vision, increased appetite, a stiff neck, sadness, irritability, and visual disturbance, I have been having stomach problems, including indigestion and acidity.
23.	In add to frequent headaches and blurred vision, increased appetite, a stiff neck, anxiety, irritability, and visual disturbance, I have been having stomach problems, including indigestion and acidity.
24.	I have been struggling with acid reflux, indigestion, and headaches, as well as blurred and distorted vision, excessive hunger, a sore neck, depression, irritability, and visual disturbance.
25.	Along with headaches, indigestion, acid reflux, excessive appetite, a sore neck, sadness, impatience, and visual disturbance, I have also been experiencing blurred and distorted vision.
26.	Along with headaches, indigestion, acid reflux, excessive appetite, a sore neck, sadness, impatience, and visual disturbance, I have also been feeling blurred and distorted vision.
27.	I have been experiencing digestive issues, including acidity and indigestion, as well as frequent headaches and impaired vision, excessive hunger, a stiff neck, depression, irritability, and visual disturbance
28.	Acidity and indigestion are among the digestive problems I've been having, along with regular headaches, blurred vision, increased hunger, stiff neck, sadness, impatience, and visual disruption.
29.	I have been suffering from acid reflux, indigestion, and regular headaches, as well as distorted vision, excessive hunger, a sore neck, depression, irritability, and visual disturbance.
30.	Along with distorted eyesight, excessive appetite, a painful neck, melancholy, irritability, and regular headaches, I have also been experiencing acid reflux, indigestion, and regular headaches.
31.	Along with distorted eyesight, excessive appetite, a painful neck, anxiety, irritability, and regular headaches, I have also been battling acid reflux, indigestion, and regular headaches.
32.	I have been experiencing acidity, indigestion, and frequent headaches, as well as blurred and distorted vision, excessive hunger, a stiff neck, depression, irritability, and visual disturbance.
33.	Stomach acid, indigestion, frequent headaches, hazy and distorted vision, increased appetite, stiff neck, depression, irritation, and visual distortion have all been bothering me.
34.	I have been struggling with digestive issues, including acid reflux and indigestion, as well as regular headaches and impaired vision, excessive hunger, a sore neck, depression, irritability, and visual disturbance
35.	I have been experiencing frequent headaches, blurred vision, excessive appetite, a sore neck, sadness, irritability, and digestive problems including indigestion and acid reflux.
36.	I have been enduring frequent headaches, blurred vision, excessive appetite, a sore neck, anxiety, irritability, and digestive difficulties including indigestion and acid reflux.
37.	I have been experiencing acidity, indigestion, and headaches, as well as blurred and distorted vision, excessive hunger, a stiff neck, depression, irritability, and visual disturbance
38.	Along with excessive appetite, a stiff neck, headaches, indigestion, and acid reflux, I've also been experiencing sadness, impatience, and visual distortion.
39.	Along with excessive appetite, a stiff neck, headaches, indigestion, and acid reflux, I've also been experiencing sadness, impatience, and visual distortion.
40.	I have been suffering from acid reflux, indigestion, and frequent headaches, as well as distorted vision, excessive hunger, a sore neck, depression, irritability, and visual disturbance.
41.	Along with impaired eyesight, increased appetite, a sore neck, melancholy, impatience, and regular headaches, I've also been experiencing heartburn, acid reflux, and indigestion.
42.	Along with impaired seeing, excessive eating, a sore neck, melancholy, impatience, and constant headaches, I've also been fighting heartburn, acid reflux, and indigestion.
43.	I have been experiencing acidity, indigestion, headaches, and blurred and distorted vision, as well as excessive hunger, a stiff neck, depression, irritability, and visual disturbance. These symptoms have been affecting my daily life and causing me discomfort.
44.	Along with excessive appetite, a stiff neck, depression, impatience, and visual disturbance, I've also been having indigestion, headaches, blurred vision, and acid reflux. These symptoms have been bothering me and interfering with my usual activities.
45.	As well as with excessive appetite, a tense neck, depression, irritability, and visual disturbance, I've also been having indigestion, headaches, blurred vision, and acid reflux. These symptoms have been disturbing me and interfering with my usual activities.
46.	I have been suffering from acid reflux, indigestion, and regular headaches, as well as impaired vision, excessive hunger, a sore neck, depression, irritability, and visual disturbance. These symptoms have been causing me a lot of distress and making it difficult to go about my daily activities.
47.	Along with eyesight problems, increased appetite, a sore neck, melancholy, irritability, and regular headaches, I have also been experiencing acid reflux, indigestion, and frequent migraines. My regular activities have been made more challenging by these symptoms, which have been causing me a great deal of distress.
48.	Along with eyesight problems, increased appetite, a sore neck, melancholy, irritability, and regular headaches, I have also been experiencing acid reflux, indigestion, and frequent dizziness. My regular activities have been made more tough by these symptoms, which have been causing me a great deal of distress.
49.	I have been experiencing acidity, indigestion, headaches, and blurred and distorted vision, as well as excessive hunger, a stiff neck, depression, irritability, and visual disturbance. These symptoms have been affecting my daily life and causing me discomfort.
50.	I have been struggling with acid reflux, indigestion, and headaches, as well as blurred and distorted vision, excessive hunger, a sore neck, depression, irritability, and visual disturbance. These symptoms have been causing me a lot of problems and making it difficult to concentrate and function normally.


Cervical spondylosis:

The scenarios that specifies the person has Cervical spondylosis are defined below:

1.	I have been experiencing severe back pain, a persistent cough, and weakness in my limbs. My neck also hurts and I have been feeling dizzy and off balance.
2.	Along with a chronic cough and limb weakness, I've been dealing with excruciating back discomfort. I've been experiencing neck pain as well as vertigo and instability.
3.	I have been suffering from back pain, a hacking cough, and weakness in my arms and legs. Additionally, my neck hurts and I have had issues with dizziness and maintaining my balance.
4.	Back pain, a hacking cough, and numbness in my arms and legs have been bothering me. In addition, my neck hurts, and I've having trouble staying balanced and without getting lightheaded.
5.	Back pain, a coughing cough, and numbness in my arms and legs have been plaguing me. In addition, my neck hurts, and I've having trouble staying balanced and without getting woozy.
6.	Pain typically, a coughing cough, and numbness in my arms and legs have been plaguing me. In addition, my neck hurts, and I've having trouble staying balanced and without getting woozy.
7.	I have been struggling with back pain, a cough that won't go away, and weakness in my extremities. My neck hurts and I have had problems with dizziness and losing my balance.
8.	Back discomfort, a persistent cough, and weakness in my limbs have been bothering me. I have issues with vertigo and losing my equilibrium, and my neck hurts.
9.	Back discomfort, a breathing difficulty, and weakness in my limbs have been hurting me. I have issues with vertigo and losing my balance, and my neck hurts.
10.	I have been experiencing intense back pain, a dry cough, and a lack of strength in my limbs. My neck hurts and I have been feeling dizzy and unsteady on my feet.
11.	I've been struggling with severe back pain, a dry cough, and limb weakness. I've been feeling lightheaded and wobbly on my feet, and my neck hurts.
12.	I've been battling with back pain, a dry cough, and limb weakness. I've been feeling dizzy and unstable on my feet, and my neck hurts.
13.	I've been struggling with back pain, a chronic cough, and limb weakness. I've been feeling disoriented and weak on my feet, and my neck hurts.
14.	I have been suffering from back pain, a productive cough, and weakness in my limbs. My neck is sore and I have had issues with dizziness and balance.
15.	Back pain, a productive cough, and limb weakness have been bothering me. I have balance and dizzy concerns, and my neck hurts.
16.	Backache, a difficulty breathing, and limb weakness have been bothering me. I have balance and dizzy concerns, and my neck suffers.
17.	I have been struggling with back pain, a persistent cough, and weakness in my muscles. My neck hurts and I have had problems with dizziness and loss of balance.
18.	Back pain, a lingering cough, and muscle weakness have been bothering me. I have issues with dizziness and losing my equilibrium, and my neck hurts.
19.	Back pain, a chronic cough, and muscle weakness have been bothering me. I have concerns with dizziness and losing my position, and my neck hurts.
20.	I have been experiencing severe back pain, a cough that comes and goes, and weakness in my limbs. My neck also hurts and I have been feeling dizzy and off balance.
21.	I've been having intermittent coughing fits, significant back pain, and limb weakness. I've been experiencing neck pain as well as a dizzy and unsteady sensation.
22.	I've been having periodic coughing fits, terrible back pain, and limb weakness. I've been feeling neck pain as well as a dizzy and unstable sensation.
23.	I have been dealing with back pain, a cough that won't go away, and weakness in my arms and legs. My neck hurts and I have had problems with dizziness and maintaining my balance.
24.	Back pain, a persistent cough, and numbness in my arms and legs have been bothering me. I've had trouble staying balanced and experiencing dizziness, and my neck hurts.
25.	Back pain, a dry cough, and stiffness in my arms and legs have been bothering me. I've had problems staying balanced and experience dizziness, and my neck hurts.
26.	I've been experiencing back pain, a persistent cough, and numbness in my arms and legs. I've been having trouble staying balanced and managing my vertigo, and my neck hurts.
27.	My arms and legs have been weak, and I have been suffering from back pain and a persistent cough. In addition to experiencing neck pain and balance issues, I also suffer dizziness.
28.	Back pain, a persistent cough, and arm and leg weakness have been bothering me. I've been experiencing neck pain, balance issues, and dizziness.
29.	Back pain, a persistent cough, and numbness in my arms and legs have been bothering me. I've had trouble staying balanced and experiencing dizziness, and my neck hurts.
30.	I have been suffering from back pain, a dry cough, and a lack of strength in my muscles. My neck is sore and I have been feeling dizzy and unsteady on my feet
31.	Back pain, a dry cough, and a lack of muscle strength have been bothering me. My neck hurts, and I've been feeling lightheaded and shaky.
32.	My muscles lack strength, and I have been experiencing back pain and a dry cough. I've been experiencing neck pain and feeling lightheaded and unstable on my feet.
33.	My muscles haven't been very strong, and I've been experiencing back ache. I've been feeling lightheaded and wobbly on my feet, and my neck hurts.
34.	I've been experiencing back pain, a dry cough, and muscle weakness. I've been experiencing neck pain, feeling lightheaded, and having trouble standing still.
35.	I have been struggling with intense back pain, a chronic cough, and weakness in my arms and legs. My neck is sore and I have had problems with dizziness and loss of balance.
36.	I've had terrible back pain, a persistent cough, and weakness in my arms and legs. I have issues with dizziness and balance loss, and my neck hurts.
37.	I've been suffering from severe back pain, a persistent cough, and numbness in my arms and legs. I've been experiencing issues with vertigo and balance issues, and my neck hurts.
38.	Along with a persistent cough, weakness in my arms and legs, and severe back pain, I've been having a lot of trouble. I've experienced issues with vertigo and balance loss, and my neck is hurting.
39.	I have been experiencing severe back pain, a cough that produces phlegm, and weakness in my muscles. My neck also hurts and I have been feeling dizzy and unsteady on my feet.
40.	In addition to having excruciating back pain, I've also been coughing up mucus and feeling weak all over. I've been feeling lightheaded and unstable on my feet, and my neck hurts as well.
41.	My muscles have been quite weak, and I've been coughing up phlegm along with significant back discomfort. In addition to feeling weak and disoriented, my neck has been hurting.
42.	Along with a phlegmy cough and muscle weakness, I've been dealing with excruciating back pain. In addition to feeling woozy and shaky on my feet, my neck has been hurting.
43.	I have been dealing with back pain, a persistent cough, and weakness in my limbs. My neck is sore and I have had issues with dizziness and loss of balance.
44.	Back ache, a chronic cough, and limb weakness have been bothering me. I have troubles with disorientation and balance loss, and my neck hurts.
45.	I've had back pain, a cough that won't go away, and limb weakness. I've been experiencing neck pain, instability, and balance concerns.
46.	I have been suffering from back pain, a chronic cough, and weakness in my arms and legs. My neck hurts and I have been feeling dizzy and off balance
47.	Back pain, a persistent cough, and numbness in my arms and legs have been bothering me. My neck hurts, and I've been feeling lightheaded and unsteady.
48.	I've had back pain, a persistent cough, and weakness in my arms and legs. My neck hurts, and I've been feeling off-balance and woozy.
49.	I have been struggling with back pain, a productive cough, and weakness in my muscles. My neck is sore and I have had problems with dizziness and unsteady balance.
50.	Back pain, a productive cough, and muscle weakness have been bothering me. I have issues with dizziness and uneven balance, and my neck hurts.

Jaundice:

The scenarios that specifies the person has Jaundice are defined below:

1.	I have been experiencing intense itching, vomiting, and fatigue. I have also lost weight and have a high fever. My skin has turned yellow and my urine is dark. I have also been experiencing abdominal pain.
2.	I've been feeling extremely scratchy, sick, and worn out. In addition, I've lost weight and have a temperature. My urine is dark, and my skin has turned yellow. Additionally, I've been having stomach pain.
3.	I've felt really scratchy, nauseated, and worn out. I also had a high fever and lost weight. Both my skin and my urine have become yellow. Additionally, my stomach has been hurting.
4.	Extreme itchiness, sickness, and exhaustion have all been plaguing me. In addition, I developed a fever and lost weight. My pee is black, and I've developed a yellow rash. Additionally, I've had stomach ache.
5.	I have been having severe itching and vomiting. I am also very tired and have lost weight. My fever is high and my skin has turned yellow. My urine is dark and I have been experiencing abdominal pain
6.	I've been experiencing intense itching and nausea. I have lost weight and am also really exhausted. My skin has become yellow, and I have a severe fever. I have dark urine, and I've been having stomach pain.
7.	I've been throwing up and experiencing intense itching. Along with losing weight, I'm also really exhausted. My skin has become yellow, and my fever is really high. I've been having stomach pain and my pee is black.
8.	Strong itchiness and nausea have been bothering me. I have also lost weight and am really exhausted. I have a high fever, and my skin is becoming yellow. In addition to feeling stomach ache, my pee is black.
9.	I've been experiencing terrible itching and nausea. I've lost weight and am also really exhausted. My skin has become yellow and I have a severe temperature. I have dark urine and stomach ache.
10.	I have been feeling itchy and have been vomiting. I am also very fatigued and have lost weight. My fever is high and my skin has become yellow. My urine is dark and I have abdominal pain
11.	I've been feeling scratchy and throwing up. I have lost weight and am also really exhausted. My skin has become yellow, and I have a severe fever. I have stomach ache and black urine.
12.	I've been itchy and have been throwing up. Along with losing weight, I'm also really exhausted. My skin has turned yellow, and my fever is high. Additionally, I get stomach ache and dark urine.
13.	I've had a scratchy stomach and been throwing up. Aside from losing weight, I am also really exhausted. I have a high fever and yellow skin. Besides having stomach ache, my pee is black.
14.	I've been itchy and throwing up. In addition, I have lost weight and feel really exhausted. My skin has become yellow and I have a severe temperature. I have abdominal ache and black urine.
15.	I've been exhausted and experiencing nausea and itching. In addition, I've lost weight and have a temperature. My urine is dark, and my skin has turned yellow. Additionally, I've been having stomach pain.
16.	I have been suffering from itching, vomiting, and fatigue. I have also lost weight and have a high fever. My skin has turned yellow and my urine is dark. I have also been experiencing abdominal pain
17.	I've been feeling scratchy, sick, and worn out. I also had a high fever and lost weight. Both my skin and my urine have become yellow. Additional stomach pain that I've been having
18.	The itch, the nausea, and the weariness have been bothering me. In addition, I developed a fever and lost weight. My pee is black, and I've developed a yellow rash. Additionally, I've had stomach ache.
19.	I've had nausea, vomiting, and exhaustion. Additionally, I've lost weight and have a temperature. My urine is black and my skin has turned yellow. I've also been having stomach pain.
20.	I have been experiencing intense itching, vomiting, and fatigue. I have also lost weight and have a high fever. My skin has turned yellow and my urine is dark. I have been having abdominal pain as well.
21.	I've been feeling extremely scratchy, sick, and worn out. In addition, I've lost weight and have a temperature. My urine is dark, and my skin has turned yellow. Additionally, I have been experiencing stomach pain.
22.	I've been feeling extremely scratchy, sick, and worn out. In addition, I've lost weight and have a temperature. My urine is dark, and my skin has turned yellow. Additionally, I have been experiencing stomach pain.
23.	I've been feeling extremely scratchy, sick, and worn out. In addition, I've lost weight and have a temperature. My urine is dark, and my skin has turned yellow. Additionally, I have been experiencing stomach pain.
24.	I've been constantly feeling scratchy, sick, and tired out. In addition, I've lost weight and have a temperature. My urine is dark, and my skin has turned yellow. Furthermore, I have been experiencing stomach pain.
25.	I've felt really scratchy, nauseated, and worn out. I also had a high fever and lost weight. Both my skin and my urine have become yellow. I've also been experiencing stomach pain.
26.	I have been having severe itching, vomiting, and fatigue. I have also lost weight and have a high fever. My skin has turned yellow and my urine is dark. I am also experiencing abdominal pain.
27.	I've been feeling really scratchy, dizzy, and worn out. In addition, I've lost weight and have a temperature. My urine is dark, and my skin has turned yellow. Additionally, I get stomach pain.
28.	I've been experiencing intense itchiness, nausea, and exhaustion. I also had a high fever and lost weight. Both my skin and my urine have become yellow. Additionally, my stomach hurts.
29.	Extreme itchiness, nausea, and exhaustion have been bothering me. In addition, I developed a fever and lost weight. My pee is black, and I've developed a yellow rash. The ache in my stomach is also present.
30.	Extreme itchiness, nausea, and fatigue have been troubling me. In moreover, I experienced a fever and lost weight. My pee is black, and I've developed a yellow rash. The ache in my stomach is also present.
31.	I have been feeling itchy and have been vomiting. I am also very tired and have lost weight. My fever is high and my skin has become yellow. I have been experiencing abdominal pain as well.
32.	I've been itchy and have been throwing up. Along with losing weight, I'm also really exhausted. My skin has turned yellow, and my fever is high. My stomach has also been hurting recently.
33.	I've had a scratchy stomach and been throwing up. I have also lost weight and am really exhausted. I have a high fever and yellow skin. As well as you, I have been having stomach pain.
34.	I've been itchy and throwing up. I've lost weight and am also really exhausted. My skin has become yellow and I have a severe temperature. My stomach has also been hurting.
35.	I've been exhausted and experiencing nausea and itching. In addition, I've lost weight and have a temperature. My urine is dark, and my skin has turned yellow. Additionally, I've been having stomach pain.
36.	I have been suffering from itching, vomiting, and fatigue. I have also lost weight and have a high fever. My skin has turned yellow and my urine is dark. I have also been experiencing abdominal pain
37.	I've been feeling scratchy, sick, and worn out. I also had a high fever and lost weight. Both my skin and my urine have become yellow. Additional stomach pain that I've been having
38.	The itch, the nausea, and the weariness have been bothering me. In addition, I developed a fever and lost weight. My pee is black, and I've developed a yellow rash. Additionally, I've had stomach ache.
39.	I have been experiencing intense itching, vomiting, and fatigue. I have also lost weight and have a high fever. My skin has turned yellow and my urine is dark. I have been having abdominal pain as well.
40.	I've been feeling extremely scratchy, sick, and worn out. In addition, I've lost weight and have a temperature. My urine is dark, and my skin has turned yellow. Additionally, I have been experiencing stomach pain.
41.	I've felt really scratchy, nauseated, and worn out. I also had a high fever and lost weight. Both my skin and my urine have become yellow. I've also been experiencing stomach pain.
42.	I have been having severe itching, vomiting, and fatigue. I have also lost weight and have a high fever. My skin has turned yellow and my urine is dark. I am also experiencing abdominal pain.
43.	I've been feeling really scratchy, dizzy, and worn out. In addition, I've lost weight and have a temperature. My urine is dark, and my skin has turned yellow. Additionally, I get stomach pain.
44.	I've been experiencing intense itchiness, nausea, and exhaustion. I also had a high fever and lost weight. Both my skin and my urine have become yellow. Additionally, my stomach hurts.
45.	I have been experiencing itching, vomiting, fatigue, and weight loss. My fever is high and my skin has turned yellow. My urine is dark and I have been experiencing abdominal pain.
46.	I've been losing weight and experiencing nausea, itching, and exhaustion. My skin has become yellow, and I have a severe fever. I have dark urine, and I've been having stomach pain.
47.	I have been suffering from intense itching, vomiting, fatigue, and weight loss. My fever is high and my skin has turned yellow. My urine is dark and I have been experiencing abdominal pain
48.	I've been losing weight and experiencing severe itching, nausea, and exhaustion. My skin has become yellow, and I have a severe fever. I have dark urine, and I've been having stomach pain.
49.	I have been experiencing severe itching, vomiting, fatigue, and weight loss. My fever is high and my skin has turned yellow. My urine is dark and I have been experiencing abdominal pain
50.	I've been losing weight, feeling really fatigued, and throwing up a lot. My skin has become yellow, and I have a severe fever. I have dark urine, and I've been having stomach pain.

Malaria:

The scenarios that specifies the person has Malaria are defined below:

1.	I've been experiencing severe itching, chills, vomiting, and a high fever. I'm also sweating a lot and have a headache. I feel nauseous and my muscles are really sore
2.	I've had a high temperature, vomiting, chills, and intense itching. I also have a headache and am perspiring a lot. I'm queasy, and my muscles hurt a lot.
3.	I've had a high temperature, vomiting, chills, and intense itching. I also have a headache and am perspiring a lot. I'm queasy, and my muscles hurt a lot.
4.	Strong itchiness, chills, nausea, and a high temperature have been plaguing me. Besides having a headache, I'm also perspiring a lot. My muscles are quite sore, and I feel sick.
5.	Along with my intense scratching, chills, nausea, and high fever, I've also been feeling really unwell. Along with my headache and excessive sweating, My muscles hurt a lot, and I feel queasy.
6.	I've had a high fever, chills, and intense itching. In addition, I have a headache and am perspiring a lot. My muscles hurt a lot, and I feel sick.
7.	I've had intense itching all over my body, accompanied by chills and vomiting. My fever is really high and I've been sweating excessively. I also have a headache and feel nauseous. My muscles are really painful.
8.	I've been experiencing severe body itchiness, chills, and vomiting. I have a really high fever, and I've been perspiring a lot. I also feel queasy and have a headache. My muscles are in excruciating discomfort.
9.	Along with severe body itchiness, chills, and nausea, I've been experiencing. I've been severely perspiring and have a very high fever. I'm feeling queasy and also have a headache. Really hurting muscles are me.
10.	I've been experiencing severe body itchiness, chills, and vomiting. I have a really high fever, and I've been perspiring a lot. I also feel queasy and have a headache. My muscles are in excruciating discomfort.
11.	I've been experiencing severe body itchiness, along with chills and nausea. I've been perspiring a lot and have an extremely high fever. I feel sick to my stomach and have a headache. My muscles are hurting a lot.
12.	I'm suffering from intense itching, chills, vomiting, and a high fever. I've also been sweating a lot and have a headache. Nausea and muscle pain have also been bothering me.
13.	I have a high fever, severe itching, chills, and vomiting. I also have a headache and have been perspiring a lot. Additionally hurting me have been nausea and muscle soreness.
14.	I have a high temperature, vomiting, chills, and severe itching. In addition, I've been perspiring a lot and have a headache. I've also been bothered by nausea and muscle ache.
15.	Strong itchiness, chills, nausea, and a high fever are all part of my current condition. Besides having a headache, I've been perspiring a lot. I've been bothered by nausea as well as muscle ache.
16.	I have a high fever, chills, and severe itching. In addition, I have a headache and have been perspiring a lot. I've also been bothered by nausea and muscular ache.
17.	I have a high fever, severe itching, chills, and vomiting. I also have a headache and have been perspiring a lot. Additionally hurting me have been nausea and muscle soreness.
18.	I have a high temperature, vomiting, chills, and severe itching. In addition, I've been perspiring a lot and have a headache. I've also been bothered by nausea and muscle ache.
19.	I've been experiencing severe itching, chills, vomiting, and a high fever. I'm also sweating excessively and have a headache. Nausea and muscle pain have also been causing me discomfort.
20.	I've had a high temperature, vomiting, chills, and intense itching. I also have a headache and am perspiring a lot. My discomfort has also been brought on by nausea and muscle ache.
21.	Strong itchiness, chills, nausea, and a high temperature have been plaguing me. Along with having a headache, I'm also perspiring a lot. I've also been bothered by nausea and muscle ache.
22.	Along with my intense scratching, chills, nausea, and high fever, I've also been feeling really unwell. I have a headache and am also perspiring a lot. I've been uncomfortable from nausea and muscle ache, too.
23.	I've had a high fever, chills, and intense itching. In addition, I have a headache and am perspiring a lot. I've been suffering from nausea as well as muscle ache.
24.	I've had a high temperature, vomiting, chills, and intense itching. I also have a headache and am perspiring a lot. My discomfort has also been brought on by nausea and muscle ache.
25.	I've had intense itching, chills, vomiting, and a high fever. I'm also sweating a lot and have a headache. Nausea and muscle pain have been making me feel miserable.
26.	I've been experiencing a lot of scratching, chills, vomiting, and a fever. I also have a headache and am perspiring a lot. I've been terrible with nausea and soreness in my muscles.
27.	I've experienced severe itching, chills, nausea, and a high fever. Besides having a headache, I'm also perspiring a lot. I've been terrible with nausea and muscle ache.
28.	I have a high fever, chills, and severe itching. Along with my headache and excessive sweating, I've been terrible with nausea and muscle ache.
29.	I have a high fever, chills, and severe itching. In addition, I have a headache and am perspiring a lot. I've been feeling awful with nausea and muscle ache.
30.	I've been experiencing severe itching, chills, vomiting, and a high fever. I'm also sweating a lot and have a headache. Nausea and muscle pain have been causing me a lot of discomfort.
31.	I've had a high temperature, vomiting, chills, and intense itching. I also have a headache and am perspiring a lot. I've been really uncomfortable lately from nausea and muscle ache.
32.	Strong itchiness, chills, nausea, and a high temperature have been plaguing me. Besides having a headache, I'm also perspiring a lot. I've been suffering from severe muscle pain and nausea.
33.	Along with my intense scratching, chills, nausea, and high fever, I've also been feeling really unwell. Along with my headache and excessive sweating, I've been suffering from severe muscle pain and nausea.
34.	I've had a high fever, chills, and intense itching. In addition, I have a headache and am perspiring a lot. I've been in a lot of agony from muscle ache and nausea.
35.	I've had intense itching, chills, vomiting, and a high fever. I'm also sweating excessively and have a headache. Nausea and muscle pain have also been bothering me.
36.	I've been experiencing a lot of scratching, chills, vomiting, and a fever. I also have a headache and am perspiring a lot. Additionally hurting me have been nausea and muscle soreness.
37.	I've experienced severe itching, chills, nausea, and a high fever. Along with having a headache, I'm also perspiring a lot. I've also been bothered by nausea and muscle ache.
38.	I have a high fever, chills, and severe itching. I have a headache and am also perspiring a lot. I've been bothered by nausea as well as muscle ache.
39.	I've been experiencing severe itching, chills, vomiting, and a high fever. In addition, I have a headache and am perspiring a lot. I've also been bothered by nausea and muscular ache.
40.	I'm suffering from severe itching, chills, vomiting, and a high fever. I've also been sweating a lot and have a headache. Nausea and muscle pain have also been causing me discomfort.
41.	I have a high fever, severe itching, chills, and vomiting. I also have a headache and have been perspiring a lot. My discomfort has also been brought on by nausea and muscle ache.
42.	I have a high fever, severe itching, chills, and vomiting. In addition, I've been perspiring a lot and have a headache. I've also been bothered by nausea and muscle ache.
43.	Strong itchiness, chills, nausea, and a high fever are all part of my current condition. Besides having a headache, I've been perspiring a lot. I've been uncomfortable from nausea and muscle ache, too.
44.	Strong itchiness, chills, nausea, and a high fever are all part of my current condition. In addition, I have a headache and have been perspiring a lot. I've been suffering from nausea as well as muscle ache.
45.	I have a high fever, severe itching, chills, and vomiting. I also have a headache and have been perspiring a lot. My discomfort has also been brought on by nausea and muscle ache.
46.	I've been experiencing intense itching, chills, vomiting, and a high fever. I'm also sweating a lot and have a headache. Nausea and muscle pain have been making me feel miserable.
47.	Intense scratching, chills, nausea, and a high temperature have been plaguing me. I also have a headache and am perspiring a lot. I've been terrible with nausea and soreness in my muscles.
48.	Along with a high fever, I've had chills, vomiting, and severe itching. Besides having a headache, I'm also perspiring a lot. I've been terrible with nausea and muscle ache.
49.	Along with a high fever, I've had chills, vomiting, and severe itching. Along with my headache and excessive sweating, I've been feeling awful with nausea and muscle ache.
50.	I've had severe itching, chills, vomiting, and a high fever. I'm also sweating excessively and have a headache. Nausea and muscle pain have also been causing me a lot of discomfort.

urinary tract infection:

The scenarios that specifies the person has urinary tract infection are defined below:

1.	Frequent urges to urinate with little output, pain during urination, cloudy or bloody urine, strong or foul-smelling urine, pelvic pain, low fever, nausea and vomiting
2.	I get frequent urges to urinate at night with little output, and a lot of pain during urination. The urine is coludy and bloody and sometime foul smelling, and I get nauseous
3.	I get a burning sensation when I pee. Sometimes a lot of pain and foul smelling urine. I have been getting more urges to urinate at night
4.	I have been getting blood in my pee. Sometimes I get nauseous while peeing. This often almost coincides with me having a high temperature
5.	My pee looks cloudy and has storng and foul smell. I frequently get an urge to urinate at night, and have been getting high temperatures since these symptoms strted showing
6.	I have pain in my abdomen, and often get feverish. I have sudden and strong urges to pee. The pain is almost constant, and often increases at night time. My pee almost always has a foul smell
7.	I have been frequently getting sudden strong urges to pee. There is blood in my pee sometimes and it is very foul smelling. I think I have an infection, what do I do?
8.	I get blood in my pee sometimes and sometimes get nauseous whie peeing. I also have a bad smell in my pee and sometimes get high temperatures at nights, help me
9.	I have pain in my lower abdomen, and get a buring sensation in my pee. I also have been getting low temperatures since I started to get these other symptoms. I have been weak because of this
10.	There is blood in my urine and I have a low fever. My head hurts almost all the time and I get very strong uncontrollable urges to pee. I have been having pain in lower back also
11.	I have been having low temperatures and bloody pee since some days now. My head hurts like crazy and pee also smells very foul. I have almost no control on my peeing and get very sudden urges
12.	I have pain near my pelvic region and vomit a lot. Sometimes there is blood in my pee and there is almost a very foul smell in my urine.I sometimes get headches and have trouble sleeping due to this
13.	I have to constantly to go the bathroom to relieve myself, but cant seem to empty my bladder. I get these very strong and uncontrollable urges to pee and sometimes get dark or bloody pee
14.	I been having very low temperatues and a very foul smelling pee. The area near my kidneys hurt a lot and I cant seem to hold my pee. I often get these uncontrollable urges
15.	I have to go the bathroom all the time, but the urine output is very low often just a few drops. My stomach hurts a lot and and cant seem to be able to control my urges to pee
16.	My is pee is dark and often bloody and often has a very unfathomable smell. I have been having temperature fluctuations pretty frequently and often am not able to sleep at night because of this
17.	I have been having pain in my bladder and have been getting
18.	I have been urinating with blood in it. I occasionally feel queasy when urinating. I frequently almost have a fever at the same time.
19.	My pee has a strong, unpleasant scent and a hazy appearance. Since these symptoms started appearing, I regularly feel the desire to urinate at night and have been experiencing high temperatures
20.	My stomach hurts, and I frequently acquire a temperature. I experience sudden, intense cravings to urinate. The discomfort is virtually always there and frequently gets worse at night. My pee nearly always smells bad.
21.	I've been experiencing frequent, intense, abrupt cravings to urinate. Sometimes I get blood in my pee, and it smells awful. What should I do if I believe I have an infection?
22.	I occasionally urinate with blood in it and occasionally feel queasy while doing so. Help! I also occasionally get high temps at night and have a terrible odour coming from my pee.
23.	I have lower abdominal ache and a bursting sensation when I urinate. Since I began to experience these additional symptoms, I have also been experiencing low body temperatures. I've been weak as a result of this.
24.	I have a mild temperature and blood in my pee. My head hurts almost constantly, and I frequently experience severe, involuntary desires to urinate. Additionally, I've been experiencing lower back ache
25.	Since a few days ago, I've been experiencing low temperatures and bloody urination. My head is in excruciating pain, and my urine smells awful. I can hardly control when I urinate, and the impulses come on suddenly.
26.	I frequently vomit and get discomfort at my pelvic area. My urine occasionally smells almost unbearably bad, and there is occasionally blood in it. Because of my headaches at times, I have problems falling asleep.
27.	I have to use the restroom frequently to relieve myself, but I can't seem to get my bladder empty. I occasionally get severe, uncontrolled desires to urinate, as well as black or crimson urine.
28.	I've been experiencing really low moods and very bad urine odour. I can't seem to keep my urine back, and the area near my kidneys hurts a lot. I frequently experience these irrational cravings.
29.	I have to use the restroom frequently, yet only a few drops of pee are usually produced. My stomach aches a lot, and I can't seem to control the desire to urinate.
30.	My urine is frequently black, red, and has a really strange odour. I have been experiencing temperature changes very regularly, which usually prevents me from sleeping at night.
31.	Blood has been found in my urination. I sometimes have nausea when urinating. I regularly feel like I'm almost feverish.
32.	My pee smells strongly and is cloudy in appearance. I've had high temperatures and a regular urge to urinate at night since these symptoms first materialised.
33.	I've been having frequent, strong, sudden urges to urinate. I occasionally urinate with blood in it, and the stench is horrible. What ought I to do if I think I'm infected?
34.	On rare occasions, I pee with blood in it and have mild nausea. Help! I also occasionally experience high nighttime temperatures and a dreadful urine odour.
35.	My lower abdomen hurts, and when I urinate, it feels like it's exploding. I've been having low body temps ever since I started having these new symptoms. Because of this, I've been weak.
36.	Blood is in my pee, and I have a low body temperature. I have practically continual headaches and often strong, uncontrollable need to urinate. In addition, I've started having lower back pain.
37.	I've had low temps and bloody urine for the past four days. My pee smells terrible, and my head hurts like hell. I scarcely have any control over when I urinate, and the urges strike without warning.
38.	I regularly vomit and get pelvic pain. There is occasionally blood in my pee, and it occasionally has an absolutely intolerable odour. I occasionally have trouble falling asleep because of my migraines.
39.	I need to relieve myself regularly, but I can't seem to get my bladder to empty. On sometimes, I get intense, uncontrollable urges to urinate, along with dark or red urine.
40.	My spirits have been incredibly low, and my pee smells awful. My kidney region hurts a lot, and I can't seem to hold my urine in. I get these unreasonable urges all the time.
41.	I have to go to the bathroom a lot, but generally only a few drops of urine come out. I have severe stomach pains and an overwhelming want to urinate.
42.	My urine often has a weird odour, is crimson or black in colour, and both. My body's temperature has been fluctuating often, which typically keeps me up at night.
43.	I noticed blood in my urinating. I occasionally feel sick after urinating. I frequently feel as though I have a fever.
44.	My pee has a strong odour and a hazy look. Since these symptoms started, I've had high temperatures and frequent nighttime urges to urinate.
45.	I occasionally urinate with blood in it and feel a little queasy. Help! I also occasionally get horrible pee odours and excessive overnight temps.
46.	My lower abdomen aches, and it feels like it may explode when I urinate. Since I began experiencing these new symptoms, my body temperature has been consistently low. That's why I've been weak.
47.	In the last four days, I've experienced low temperatures and blood in my pee. My head hurts so much and my urine smells awful. The desires to urinate seldom come on cue, and I hardly ever have any control over when they do.
48.	My pee frequently has an odd smell and is either red or black, or both. The frequent changes in my body temperature usually keep me awake at night.
49.	My pee smells strongly and seems cloudy. I've had fevers and frequent overnight urination needs ever since these symptoms began.
50.	I've had low temps and blood in my urine for the past three days. My pee smells terrible, and my head hurts so much. Urinary urges seldom occur on cue, and I almost never have any control over when they do.

allergy:

The scenarios that specifies the person has allergy are defined below:

1.	I have a runny nose and I am sneezing all the time. My eyes are itchy and often watery, and I am coughing all the time. My head hurts and all the time
2.	I have sore throat and I am sneezing all the time. Sometimes I have swelling on my face like my lips and near my eyes. I just cant stop sneezing once I start sneezing
3.	I hace difficulty in breething and shortness of breath. I cough uncontrollably and get itchy eyes and swelling on my face and other body parts
4.	I have a nasal congestion and blocked nose. Sometimes at night I have chest pain and tightness. I have also lost my sense of smell and taste
5.	I have asthma like symptoms like wheezing and difficulty breathing. I often get fever and have headaches. I feel tired all the time
6.	I feel tired all the time, I have lost my taste and have a really sore throat. I also get feverish and often have muscle aches. Sometimes my whole body just cramps up
7.	I have been experiencing a loss of appetite and have difficulty swallowing food. I have been suffering from sore throat and runnny nose also.
8.	I feel fatigued all the time, and have a tingling sensation in my throat. I have also developed flaky skin. Sometimes I get puffy eyes and sometimes puffs up too.
9.	I have stomach cramps, nausea and diarrhea. My throat is swollen, and I have difficulty breathing. Sometimes at night night I get chest pain and nauseous.
10.	I have itchy and red skin. Sometimes these result in flaking. My face and lips puff up and causes a lot of inconvinience. I get watery eyes sometimes and headches when the puffing gets severe
11.	I often sneeze and have a runny nose. My eyes are scratchy and frequently runny, and I frequently cough. My head hurts constantly.
12.	I often sneeze and have a sore throat. My lips and the area around my eyes occasionally swell. Once I start sneezing, I just can't stop.
13.	I have trouble breathing and get short of breath. I have a dry, hacking cough, itchy eyes, and swelling all over my face and body.
14.	I have a plugged nose and nasal congestion. I occasionally have stiffness and chest discomfort at night. I've also lost my ability to taste and smell.
15.	I get symptoms of asthma, such as wheezing and breathing problems. I frequently have headaches and fever. All the time, I feel exhausted.
16.	I always feel exhausted, have bad taste, and have an extremely scratchy throat. I also have muscular pain and heat. My entire body simply cramps up occasionally.
17.	I've been losing my appetite, and I also have trouble swallowing. My nose has been running, and I have a sore throat.
18.	I'm always worn out and experiencing a tingle in my throat. I've also started to have dry skin. My eyes occasionally swell up
19.	I feel queasy, nauseous, and dizzy. I have a swelling throat and am having breathing issues. I occasionally have chest discomfort and nausea at night.
20.	My skin is red and scratchy. These can occasionally flake. My cheeks and lips swell, which is really annoying. I occasionally have headaches and runny eyes because to the puffing.
21.	I frequently sneeze, and my nose runs. I constantly cough, and my eyes are sore and watery. My head hurts all the time.
22.	I have a sore throat and frequently sneeze. Sometimes the skin around my eyes and my lips swells. I just can't stop sneezing once I get going.
23.	I have respiratory issues and experience breathlessness. My face and torso are swollen, my eyes are itching, and I have a dry, hacking cough.
24.	I have nasal congestion and a blocked nose. On occasion, during the night, I have stiffness and chest pain. Additionally, I've lost my senses of taste and smell.
25.	I get breathing issues and wheezing, which are asthma symptoms. I regularly have fevers and headaches. I constantly feel worn out.
26.	I always feel worn out, have unpleasant taste in my mouth, and have a really itchy throat. My muscles are also hot and hurting. Sometimes my whole body just cramps up.
27.	Along with losing my appetite, I've been having swallowing issues. I have a sore throat, and my nose has been running.
28.	I always feel exhausted and have a tickle in my throat. My skin has also started to feel dry. I occasionally get ocular swelling.
29.	I'm dizzy, nauseated, and shaky. I'm having trouble breathing since my throat is swollen. On occasion, throughout the night, my chest hurts and I feel sick.
30.	My skin is irritated and inflamed. Sometimes, they can flake. My lips and cheeks expand, and it is really unpleasant. Because of the puffing, I occasionally have headaches and wet eyes.
31.	My nose runs and I sneeze a lot. My eyes are wet and hurt, and I cough all the time. My head aches constantly.
32.	I sneeze a lot and have a sore throat. My lips and the skin surrounding my eyes will occasionally swell. Once I start, I just can't stop sneezing.
33.	I have breathing problems and become out of breath easily. My eyes ache, I have a dry, hacking cough, and my face and body are bloated.
34.	I have a plugged nose and nasal congestion. I occasionally have stiffness and chest discomfort during the night. I've also lost my ability to smell and taste.
35.	I get wheezing and breathing difficulties, which are asthma symptoms. I frequently have headaches and fever. I'm continuously exhausted.
36.	I always feel exhausted, have a bad taste in my mouth, and my throat itches a lot. Also heated and painful are my muscles. My entire body can cramp up at times.
37.	I've been losing my appetite and having trouble swallowing. My nose has been running, and I have a sore throat.
38.	I always get a tickle in my throat and feel fatigued. My skin has begun to feel dry as well. I have ocular edema on occasion.
39.	I feel queasy, sick, and wobbly. My throat is enlarged and making it difficult for me to breathe. My chest occasionally pains all through the night, and I occasionally feel ill.
40.	My skin is swollen and itchy. They may occasionally flake. It hurts a lot when my cheeks and lips swell. I occasionally get headaches and watery eyes from the puffing.
41.	I sneeze a lot and my nose is running. My eyes ache and are damp, and I frequently croak. My head hurts all the time.
42.	I have a sore throat and a lot of sneezing. There are times when the skin around my eyes and my lips swell. I find that once I start, I just cannot stop.
43.	I have trouble breathing and easily get out of breath. My face and torso are swollen, my eyes hurt, and I have a dry, hacking cough.
44.	I have nasal congestion and a blocked nose. On occasion, during the night, I have stiffness and chest pain. I've also lost my senses of taste and smell.
45.	I get breathing issues and wheezing, which are asthma symptoms. I regularly have fevers and headaches. I'm always worn out.
46.	I frequently have exhaustion, a terrible taste in my mouth, and throat itchiness. My muscles are also burning and uncomfortable. Sometimes I have cramps all throughout my body.
47.	My appetite has decreased, and I've been having swallowing issues. I have a sore throat, and my nose has been running.
48.	My throat always tickles, and I'm worn out. Additionally, my skin has started to feel dry. Ocular inflammation occasionally affects me.
49.	I'm nauseous, ill, and shaky. I have a huge throat, which makes it tough for me to breathe. I occasionally have nighttime chest aches and occasional sickness.
50.	My skin is itching and swollen. Sometimes, they could flake. My lips and cheeks swelling aches a lot. The puffing occasionally gives me headaches and runny eyes.

gastroesophageal reflux disease:

The scenarios that specifies the person has gastroesophageal reflux disease are defined below:


1.	I often get aburning sensation in my throat while and especially after eating. Sometimes this also leaves a sour or bitter taste in my mouth and I get nauseos beacuse of this
2.	I have heartburn and indigestion. I often vomit whatever I eat and have difficultly swallowing food, beacuse the food gets stuck in my throat. I have a nagging pain in my upper abdomen
3.	I have frequent belching and burping. I have chest pain that often radiates to the back of my neck, jaw and arm. I get a feeling of tightness and pressure on my chest
4.	I have a persistent sour taste in my mouth, even when I haven't eaten anything acidic. I get frequent hiccups and a feeling of lump in my throat.
5.	I have a chronic bad breath and a sour taste in my mouth, It sometimes gets difficult to swallow food because of this tingling sensation in my throat
6.	I get frequent heartburn and indigestion, especially eating spicy foods or fatty foods. I get chest pain that gets worse when I lie down or bend over. I also often have chest pain
7.	I have a loss of appetite and difficulty swallowing. I often have this persistent feeling of fullness, even after eating small meals. I usually throw up and get heartburn and a tingling sensation in my throat
8.	I have a sore throat or hoarseness, especially in the morning. I have a chronic nagging pain in my throat and bad breath. I also have frequent belching
9.	I have a feeling of food or acid backing up into my throat. I chest pain which gets worse if I lie down. I get frequent heartburn or indigestion, after eating food and vomit it out
10.	I feel uneasiness after eating and usually vomit whatever I've eaten. I always have this pain in my abdomen and have really bad acid reflux
11.	My throat frequently feels like it is burning, especially after eating. Additionally, I occasionally get a sour or bitter aftertaste, which causes me to feel queasy.
12.	I have indigestion and heartburn. I frequently vomit everything I eat, and I have trouble swallowing food because it gets caught in my throat. My upper abdomen is bothering me.
13.	My burping and belching are frequent. I frequently get chest discomfort that spreads to the back of my neck, jaw, and arm. I have pressure and tension in my chest.
14.	Even when I don't have anything acidic in my stomach, I constantly have a sour taste in my mouth. I frequently have hiccups and a lump in my throat.
15.	I always have foul breath and a sour taste in my mouth, and occasionally, the tingling in my throat makes it difficult to swallow meals.
16.	I frequently have heartburn and indigestion, particularly after consuming spicy or fatty foods. When I lie down or stoop over, my chest discomfort worsens. My chest hurts quite a bit too.
17.	I don't feel like eating, and swallowing is challenging. Even after eating little meals, I frequently get this lingering sense of fullness. Typically, I have heartburn, nausea, and tingling in my throat.
18.	I often wake up with a sore throat or a scratchy voice. My throat hurts constantly, and I also have poor breath. I also frequently burp.
19.	I feel as though acid or food is backing up into my throat. My chest hurts, and lying down makes it worse. After eating, I frequently have heartburn or indigestion and throw up.
20.	After eating, I get queasy and frequently throw up everything I've eaten. I always get severe abdominal ache and have terrible acid reflux.
21.	Especially after eating, my throat regularly feels like it is burning. I also occasionally get a bitter or sour aftertaste, which makes me feel sick.
22.	I have heartburn and indigestion. I regularly vomit everything I eat, and food gets stuck in my throat, making it difficult for me to swallow. I have a pain in my upper abdomen.
23.	Belching and burping are common in me. I often get chest pain that radiates to the back of my neck, my jaw, and my arm. In my chest, there is pressure and stress.
24.	I get a sour taste in my mouth all the time, even when there is nothing acidic in my stomach. I often get the hiccups and have a lump in my throat.
25.	I periodically find it challenging to swallow food due to the tingling in my throat, bad breath, and bad taste in my mouth.
26.	regularly have indigestion and heartburn, especially after eating spicy or fatty foods. My chest pain is worse when I hunch over or lie down. Additionally, my chest hurts a lot.
27.	I'm not in the mood to eat, and swallowing is difficult. I often have this lingering feeling of fullness even after little meals. My typical symptoms include heartburn, nausea, and throat tingling.
28.	I frequently get a scratchy voice or a painful throat when I wake up. I have bad breath and a continual sore throat. I also vomit a lot.
29.	My throat feels as though food or acid is backing up. Lying down only makes my chest pain more. I regularly have heartburn or indigestion after eating and puke up.
30.	I often feel sick after eating and puke up the entire meal. I constantly get excruciating acid reflux and severe stomach pain.
31.	My throat often feels like it is burning, especially after eating. A bitter or sour aftertaste that I occasionally experience also makes me feel unwell.
32.	I have indigestion and heartburn. I frequently vomit everything I eat, and it is hard for me to swallow since food gets caught in my throat. My upper abdomen is in discomfort.
33.	My tendency is to belch and burp frequently. I frequently get chest pain that spreads to my arm, jaw, and the back of my neck. There is pressure and stress in my chest.
34.	Even when I don't have anything acidic in my stomach, I constantly have a sour taste in my mouth. I frequently have a lump in my throat and the hiccups.
35.	Periodically, the tingling in my throat, poor breath, and bad taste in my mouth make it difficult for me to swallow meals.
36.	I routinely experience heartburn and indigestion, particularly after consuming spicy or fatty foods. When I lean forward or lie down, my chest discomfort becomes worse. My chest hurts a lot as well.
37.	I don't feel like eating, and swallowing is challenging. Even after little meals, I frequently get this lingering sensation of fullness. My normal symptoms include nausea, heartburn, and tingling in my throat.
38.	I regularly wake up with a scratchy voice or a sore throat. My throat is constantly irritated, and I have horrible breath. I frequently throw up.
39.	It feels like food or acid is backing up in my throat. My chest discomfort only becomes worse while I'm lying down. After eating, I frequently have heartburn or indigestion and throw up.
40.	After eating, I frequently feel unwell and throw up the entire meal. I suffer from painful acid reflux and excruciating stomach discomfort all the time.
41.	Especially after eating, my throat frequently feels scorching. I occasionally get a bitter or sour aftertaste that makes me feel sick.
42.	I have heartburn and indigestion. I regularly throw up everything I eat, and swallowing is difficult for me since food gets stuck in my throat. I'm experiencing pain in my upper abdomen.
43.	I have a tendency to burp and belch regularly. I often get chest discomfort that radiates to my arm, jaw, and neck. My chest feels tight and stressed.
44.	I always get a sour taste in my mouth, even when I don't have anything acidic in my stomach. I regularly have the hiccups and a knot in my throat.
45.	I occasionally have trouble swallowing food because of the tingling in my throat, terrible breath, and bad taste in my mouth.
46.	I frequently have indigestion and heartburn, especially after eating spicy or fatty foods. My chest hurts when I lean forward or while I'm lying down. Additionally, my chest hurts a lot.
47.	I regularly feel sick after eating and puke up the entire meal. I constantly get horrible acid reflux agony and stomach discomfort.
48.	My throat often feels like it's on fire, especially after eating. I occasionally get an aftertaste that is sour or bitter and makes me feel nauseous.
49.	Even when I don't have anything acidic in my stomach, I constantly have a sour taste in my mouth. I frequently have a lump in my throat and the hiccups.
50.	I'm not in the mood to eat, and swallowing is difficult. I often have this lingering feeling of fullness even after little meals. My typical symptoms include heartburn, nausea, and throat tingling.

drug reaction:

The scenarios that specifies the person has drug reaction are defined below:

1.	I have a metallic taste in my mouth, and also have a sense of change of taste and smell. Sometimes get very unbearable joint pain and muscle pain
2.	I have headaches and migraines, have been having difficulty sleeping. I have been having muscle twitching and tremors. Sometimes I get lightheaded
3.	I have fever and feel very dizzy and lightheaded. My heart is beating very fast and I feel very confused. I am not able to think very clearing and everything feels very foggy
4.	I have rashes on my skin and these flake off from time to time. This leaves me prone to infection. My fingers start twitching and sometimes I experience tremors.
5.	I feel very nauseous and have chest pain. Recently I have been experiencing chest pain. I feel very uneasy and often sweat profusely
6.	I have itching all over my body, and rashes in my chest and back. I get flaky skin from time to time and often this leaves marks on my body.
7.	I have hair loss and there is a significant change in the texture of my hair. I have  dry and itchy sclap and increased dandruff. My skin is also getting very dry
8.	I am experiencing a decrease in my sex drive and difficulty to fucntion sexually. I feel very light headed and confused and often experince brain fog
9.	I am experiencing changes in my menstrual cycle and unexpected vaginal discharge. I often get mood swings and feel agitated from time to time
10.	I have experinenced significant weight gain and become very obese. I have changes in my appetite and cravings for different foods
11.	I have difficulty in maintianing concentration and very low mental clarity. I often forget things and in general have difficulty remembering things
12.	In addition to experiencing a change in taste and fragrance, I also have a metallic aftertaste in my tongue. occasionally get excruciating joint and muscular pain
13.	I suffer migraines and headaches, and I've been having trouble falling asleep. My muscles have been trembling and twitching. I sometimes feel dizzy.
14.	I'm feeling really lightheaded and dizzy when I have a temperature. My mind is completely muddled, and my heart is racing. I find it difficult to think clearly, and everything seems quite hazy.
15.	My skin occasionally peels off the rashes that I have. This makes me more vulnerable to infections. My hands begin to shake, and occasionally I have tremors.
16.	I have severe nausea and chest discomfort. I have been having chest discomfort lately. I often shiver a lot and feel really nervous.
17.	I have rashes in my chest and back and itch all over my body. I occasionally have flaky skin, which frequently creates markings on my body.
18.	My hair's texture has significantly changed, and I'm experiencing hair loss. My scalp is dry and itching, and my dandruff is becoming worse. My skin is also becoming really dry.
19.	My sex desire has decreased, and I'm finding it harder to function sexually. I regularly have brain fog and feel quite dizzy and disoriented.
20.	My monthly cycle has changed, and I've had an unexpected vaginal discharge. I frequently experience mood swings and experience occasional agitation.
21.	I've gained a lot of weight and am now quite fat. My appetite varies, and I have desires for various things.
22.	I struggle to maintain focus, and my mental clarity is really poor. I have trouble remembering things and frequently forget stuff.
23.	My tongue also has a metallic aftertaste in addition to a change in taste and scent. occasionally get acute muscle and joint ache
24.	I have headaches and migraines, and I have been having difficulties sleeping. My entire body has been shaking and twitching. Sometimes I become lightheaded.
25.	When I have a fever, I feel quite woozy and lightheaded. My heart is pounding, and my head is absolutely foggy. My ability to think properly is impaired, and everything appears to be somewhat blurry.
26.	My rashes occasionally cause my skin to peel off. I'm more susceptible to illnesses as a result. I start to tremble sometimes, and my hands start to shake.
27.	Both chest pain and extreme nausea are present. Recently, my chest has been hurting. I frequently shiver a lot and am really anxious.
28.	My body itches all over, and I have rashes on my back and chest. My skin can be flaky on sometimes, which commonly results in body marks.
29.	I'm losing hair, and my hair's texture has considerably altered. My dandruff is becoming worse, and my dry, itchy scalp. My skin is getting quite dry as well.
30.	My desire for sex has dropped, and I'm having trouble having sex. I frequently get brain fog, as well as feeling somewhat bewildered.
31.	I've noticed a difference in my monthly cycle and an unexpected vaginal discharge. I become irritable every now and again, and my moods swing a lot.
32.	I have put on a lot of weight and am now very obese. I have different urges and different appetites.
33.	I have terrible mental clarity and find it difficult to stay focused. I regularly forget things and have problems remembering things.
34.	Along with a change in taste and smell, my tongue also has a metallic aftertaste. occasionally get severe joint and muscular pain
35.	I suffer migraines and headaches, and I've been having trouble falling asleep. My whole body has been trembling and shivering. At times, I have dizziness.
36.	I am quite queasy and dizzy when I have a temperature. My brain is completely cloudy, and my heart is racing. I'm having trouble thinking straight, and everything seems a little fuzzy.
37.	Sometimes my skin starts to flake off from my rashes. I'm more prone to becoming sick as a result. On occasion, my hands begin to quiver and I begin to tremble.
38.	There is severe nausea and chest discomfort. My chest has been aching lately. I'm really nervous and shiver a lot of the time.
39.	I have rashes on my back and chest, and my entire body itches. My skin may be dry and flaky at times, which frequently leaves body marks.
40.	I'm shedding hair, and the texture of my hair has changed significantly. My dry, itchy scalp and dandruff are becoming worse. My skin is also becoming pretty dry.
41.	I no longer want to have sex, and it's difficult for me to do so. I regularly have brain fog and a sense of confusion.
42.	My monthly cycle has changed, and I've had an unexpected vaginal discharge. I occasionally lose my temper, and my moods change a lot.
43.	I've gained a lot of weight and am currently quite fat. I have many inclinations and cravings.
44.	I have awful mental clarity and have trouble focusing. I frequently forget things and struggle with memory.
45.	My tongue also changes in taste and scent, leaving a metallic aftertaste. can have excruciating joint and muscle pain
46.	I have headaches and migraines, and I have been having difficulties sleeping. I've been shaking and shivering all over. Sometimes I become lightheaded.
47.	When I have a temperature, I feel pretty nauseous and lightheaded. My heart is pounding, and my mind is absolutely foggy. Everything feels a little hazy to me, and I'm having difficulties thinking clearly.
48.	My rashes occasionally cause my skin to start to fall off. I'm more likely to get ill as a result. My hands occasionally start to tremble, and I start to shake.
49.	Chest pain and severe nausea are present. Recently, my chest has been hurting. I tremble a lot and am quite anxious.
50.	My entire body itches, and I have rashes on my back and chest. Sometimes my skin might be dry and flaky, which often results in body stains.

peptic ulcer disease:

The scenarios that specifies the person has peptic ulcer disease are defined below:

1.	I have a burning sensation in my upper abdomen, ofetn between or at night. I have heartburn and indigestion and often feel very nauseous
2.	I have bloating and a feeling of uneasiness. I have been experiencing weight loss and a loss of appetite. Sometimes I have dark and tarry stools and blood in my vomit
3.	I have difficulty swallowing food and often get a sensation of the food getting stuck in my throat. I have constant belching and bloating. There is a persitent sour taste in my mouth
4.	I have been having bloody stools which has resulted in bloos loss and loss of iron. Thiis has caused me anemia and I feel very weak in general
5.	I have persistant, gnawing hunger and apetite. Sometimes I get abdominal cramps and spasms. There is bloating and gas after eating which causes me a great deal of uneasiness
6.	I have changes in my bowel movements, such as constipation and diarrhea. I have a loss of appetite and energy and often feel very fatigued
7.	I have abdominal pain and it gets only worse if I bend over or lie down. I feel discomfort when I eat certain foods such as spicy or acidic food. Sometimes I get loose stools because of this
8.	I have difficulty sleeping due to abdominal pain or discomfort. I have a loss of appetite and feel fatigued after going to the bathroom. I feel very tited all the time
9.	I have a sour acidic taste in my mouth. I have frequent belching and burping. I have a feeling of pressure or fullness in my upper abdomen that last for a few hours
10.	I have unintended weight loss and difficulty gaining weight. I have pain and discomfort that is relieved by taking antacids. My mouth tastes very bad
11.	Occasionally throughout the day or at night, I have burning in my upper abdomen. I get indigestion, heartburn, and frequent bouts of extreme nausea.
12.	Bloating and unease are both present in me. I've been losing weight and losing interest in food. I occasionally get tarry, black stools and vomit that contains blood.
13.	I have trouble swallowing, and I frequently feel like food is getting stuck in my throat. I feel bloated and belch constantly. I always get a sour taste in my mouth.
14.	My bloody stools have caused me to lose iron and bloos, among other things. I now have anaemia from this, and I generally feel quite weak.
15.	My hunger and appetite are persistent and ravenous. Periodically, my stomach may cramp and spasm. After eating, I have bloating and gas, which makes me quite uncomfortable.
16.	My bowel motions have changed; they've been constipated and diarrhoeal. I lack energy, appetite, and frequently feel really exhausted.
17.	I have stomach ache, and bending over or lying down just makes it worse. When I consume certain meals, such as spicy or acidic cuisine, I have discomfort. This sometimes causes me to have loose stools.
18.	I have trouble falling or staying asleep because of stomach ache. After using the restroom, I feel drained and lose my appetite. I constantly feel really anxious.
19.	My mouth is filled with a sour, acidic flavour. My burping and belching are frequent. For a few hours, I get pressure or fullness in my upper belly.
20.	I lose weight unintentionally and find it challenging to acquire weight. I use antacids to ease the pain and discomfort I experience. My mouth feels horrible.
21.	I occasionally have burning in my upper abdomen throughout the day or at night. I get heartburn, indigestion, and regular episodes of severe nausea.
22.	I feel bloated and uneasy at the same time. I've been losing weight, and I no longer like eating. I occasionally get bloody vomit and dark, tarry stools.
23.	I often feel like food is getting caught in my throat and have problems swallowing. I feel bloated and frequently belch. I constantly have a bitter aftertaste.
24.	I've lost a lot of stuff because of my bloody stools, including iron and bloos. Because of this, I now have anaemia and usually feel fairly weak.
25.	My appetite and chronic hunger are both ferocious. My stomach may occasionally ache and spasm. I have gas and bloating after eating, which is really painful.
26.	My bowel movements have become constipated and diarrheal. I often feel quite tired and lack both energy and appetite.
27.	Bending down or reclining down only makes my stomach feel more. I have pain after eating some foods, such as hot or acidic food. I occasionally get loose stools as a result of this.
28.	Due to a stomach discomfort, I have problems sleeping or staying asleep. I am exhausted after using the bathroom and lose my appetite. I'm quite nervous all the time.
29.	A sour, acidic taste is all over my mouth. Belching and burping are common in me. I have pressure or fullness in my upper abdomen for a few hours.
30.	I unknowingly lose weight and find it difficult to gain weight. To relieve the pain and discomfort I feel, I take antacids. My mouth hurts so much.
31.	On occasion, throughout the day or at night, I have burning in my upper abdomen. I frequently get extreme nauseous episodes, heartburn, and indigestion.
32.	I have both bloating and unease. I no longer like eating because I've been losing weight. I sometimes vomit blood and have tarry, black stools.
33.	I frequently get swallowing issues and the sensation that food is getting stuck in my throat. I regularly belch and feel bloated. My aftertaste is unpleasant all the time.
34.	My bloody stools have caused me to lose a lot of things, including iron and bloos. I now have anaemia as a result, and I typically feel rather weak.
35.	Both my appetite and ongoing hunger are fierce. There are times when my stomach hurts and cramps. Following a meal, I have very painful gas and bloating.
36.	Constipated and diarrheal bowel motions have been happening to me. I frequently have a lack of energy and appetite.
37.	My stomach only feels worse when I stoop or recline. After eating particular meals, such as spicy or acidic cuisine, I have discomfort. This occasionally causes me to have loose stools.
38.	I have a stomach ache that keeps me from falling or staying asleep. After using the restroom, I feel worn out and lose interest in food. I'm constantly pretty anxious.
39.	My mouth is filled with an acidic, sour flavour. Burping and belching are frequent in me. For a few hours, my upper abdomen has felt pressured or full.
40.	I inadvertently lose weight and have a hard time gaining it back. I use antacids to get rid of the pain and discomfort I experience. It aches so much in my mouth.
41.	I occasionally have burning in my upper abdomen throughout the day or at night. I regularly get severe heartburn, indigestion, and nausea.
42.	I'm feeling both bloated and uneasy. Because I've been losing weight, I no longer like eating. I occasionally get tarry, black stools and blood in my vomit.
43.	I regularly have trouble swallowing, and I sometimes feel like food is becoming trapped in my throat. I frequently feel bloated and belch. Every time, I have a bad aftertaste.
44.	I've lost a lot of stuff because of my bloody stools, including iron and bloos. As a result, I now have anaemia and generally feel rather weak.
45.	I have a strong appetite and am constantly hungry. My stomach occasionally aches and cramps. I have really painful gas and bloating after eating.
46.	I've been experiencing bowel movements that are both constipated and diarrhoeic. I often lack the will to eat and energy.
47.	Only when I hunch down or lie down does my stomach hurt more. I have pain after eating certain foods, such as hot or acidic food. I occasionally get loose stools as a result of this.
48.	I can't get to sleep or remain asleep because I have a stomach pain. I get exhausted after using the bathroom and stop being hungry. I worry a lot of the time.
49.	My mouth is filled with a sour, acidic flavour. I have frequent belching and burping. My upper abdomen has felt pressed in or full for the past few hours.
50.	I unintentionally lose weight and find it challenging to gain it back. To relieve the pain and discomfort I feel, I take antacids. My mouth hurts so severely right now.

diabetes:

The scenarios that specifies the person has diabetes are defined below:

1.	I have increased thirst and frequent urination. I often have a dry mouth and throat. Recently I have been having increased hunger and appetite
2.	I have blurred vision and it only seems to be getting worse. I feel fatigued and tired all the time. I also feel very dizzy and light headed at times
3.	I have a dry mouth and throat. I also have been experiencing an increased appetite and hunger. However I do feel very tired at times
4.	I have slow healing of wounds and cuts. I have this tingling sensation in my hand and numbness in both my hands and feet
5.	I have mood changes and have difficulty concentrating. My mind feels hazy and foggy at times and it gets difficult to do even regular chores
6.	I have a feeling of tremors and muscle twitching. I have decreased sense of smell or taste and I feel fatigued. Sometimes I have a feeling of rapid hearbeat or palipatations
7.	I have rashes and skin irritations especially in the folds of the skin. There is also very slow healing of any cuts and bruises I have on my skin
8.	I have a frequent need to urinate and often have these uncontrollable urges. I feel dizzy and often confused. I have also been loss of visuals
9.	I have difficulty breathing especially during physical activity. I have unusual sweating and flushing. I frequently get yeast infections
10.	I have persistent dry cough. My infections dont seem to be healing and I have palpitations. I also have this problem of sore throat that does seem to go away
11.	I'm drinking more water and urinating more frequently. My throat and mouth are frequently dry. Recently, my appetite and hunger have both grown.
12.	My vision is foggy, and it seems to be growing worse. I'm constantly feeling worn out and exhausted. Additionally, I occasionally have severe lightheadedness and dizziness.
13.	My throat and mouth are dry. I've also been feeling more hungry and more hungry. But sometimes I do feel quite exhausted.
14.	I have a sluggish wound and reduced healing rate. My hands and feet are both numb and have this tingling sensation.
15.	I struggle to focus and have emotional swings. At times, my head seems cloudy and foggy, making it challenging for me to do even simple tasks.
16.	I feel my muscles trembling and shaking. I feel worn out and my senses of taste and smell have diminished. Sometimes I have palpitations or a quick heartbeat.
17.	I experience skin irritations and rashes, especially in my skin's creases. Any wounds and bruises I have on my skin also heal quite slowly.
18.	I frequently feel the want to urinate and frequently have these strong cravings. I frequently feel woozy and bewildered. I've also had sight loss.
19.	I have trouble breathing, especially when exercising. I'm flushed and sweating in an unexpected way. I have yeast infections a lot.
20.	I have a chronic dry cough. I have palpitations and my infections don't appear to be getting better. I also have a painful throat issue, although it does seem to go away.
21.	Both my water intake and frequency of urination have increased. My mouth and throat regularly feel dry. My appetite and hunger have both increased recently.
22.	I have blurry vision, and it seems to be getting worse. I'm continuously fatigued and worn out. I also occasionally have acute lightheadedness and vertigo.
23.	My mouth and throat are dry. Additionally, I've been growing increasingly hungry. But on occasion, I do feel rather worn out.
24.	My wound is healing slowly and at a slower rate. My hands and feet are numb and tingling at the same time.
25.	I have trouble focusing, and my emotions fluctuate. My brain might seem murky and foggy at times, making it difficult for me to complete even straightforward chores.
26.	My body is shaking and trembling. My senses of taste and smell have gotten weaker, and I feel exhausted. I occasionally have palpitations or a rapid pulse.
27.	I have rashes and skin irritations, especially in the crevices of my skin. My skin bruises and cuts also take a long time to heal.
28.	I often feel the want to urinate and experience these intense desires. I often feel dizzy and confused. I also lost my sight.
29.	I have respiratory issues, especially when doing out. Unexpectedly, I'm sweating and flushed. I frequently have yeast infections and urinary tract infections
30.	I constantly have a dry cough. My infections don't seem to be healing, and I have palpitations. My throat hurts occasionally, but it does appear to get better.
31.	I've been drinking more water and urinating more frequently. My throat and mouth frequently feel dry. Recently, both my hunger and appetite have grown.
32.	My vision is foggy, and it appears to be growing worse. I feel exhausted and worn out all the time. I also have severe dizziness and lightheadedness on occasion.
33.	My throat and mouth are dry. I've also been getting hungry more and more. I do, however, occasionally feel rather exhausted.
34.	My wound is recovering more slowly now. Both my hands and feet are tingling and going numb. I feel very weak
35.	My emotions change, and I have difficulties focusing. At times, my mind might be cloudy and hazy, making it challenging for me to do even simple tasks.
36.	My entire body is trembling and shaky. I've lost my ability to taste and smell, and I'm worn out. I sometimes get a racing heart or palpitations.
37.	I get skin irritations and rashes, especially in my skin's crevices. Cuts and bruises on my skin also take a while to heal.
38.	I frequently feel the want to urinate and have these strong cravings. I get woozy and disoriented a lot. Moreover, I have lost my vision considerably
39.	I have breathing problems, especially when I'm outside. I'm suddenly flushed and perspiring. I experience yeast infections and urinary tract infections rather regularly.
40.	I have a dry cough that never stops. I have palpitations and my infections don't appear to be getting better. Sometimes my throat hurts, but it seems to get better.
41.	Both my water intake and frequency of urination have increased. My mouth and throat feel dry a lot. My hunger and appetite have both increased recently.
42.	My vision is blurry, and it feels like it's getting worse. All the time, I feel worn out and fatigued. I occasionally have extreme lightheadedness and vertigo as well.
43.	My mouth and throat are dry. Additionally, I've been growing increasingly hungry. However, I do get periodic bouts of exhaustion.
44.	My wound is healing more slowly these days. My feet and hands are tingling and becoming numb. I feel really fragile.
45.	My emotions fluctuate, and it's hard for me to concentrate. My mind can be foggy and foggy at times, making it difficult for me to perform even simple chores.
46.	I'm shaking and trembling all over. I've lost my sense of taste and smell, and I'm exhausted. I occasionally get palpitations or a speeding heart.
47.	Particularly in the crevices of my skin, I have skin rashes and irritations. My skin bruises and cuts take a while to heal as well.
48.	I regularly experience these intense urges and the want to urinate. I frequently feel drowsy and lost. I've also significantly lost my vision.
49.	I have trouble breathing, especially outside. I start to feel hot and start to sweat. I frequently have urinary tract infections and yeast infections.
50.	I constantly sneeze and have a dry cough. My infections don't seem to be healing, and I have palpitations. My throat does ache occasionally, but it usually gets better.
